APCON, Inc. is globally recognized as the leading provider of packet 
          aggregation switching solutions. APCON's combined switching, 
          aggregation and filtering technology makes it possible to reduce 
          monitoring equipment investments by an average of 50 percent per 
          data center while still guaranteeing customers they will have 100 
          percent network visibility 24x7x365.
Organizations in over 40 countries currently depend on APCON 
          solutions in their network infrastructures.
•Centralize network monitoring for multiple data centers
Since its inception in 2001, BitDefender® has continued to raise the 
          bar to set new standards in proactive threat prevention with 
          hundreds of millions of users deploying the technology to detect and 
          remediate malware. BitDefender provides solutions using the same 
          award winning technology for consumers and for corporate networks 
          from the small business right through to the global enterprise, 
          protecting all endpoints. The OEM team continues to forge new 
          partner relationships with some of the most recognized names in the 
          industry providing a strong platform that is easy to use and 
          flexible to integrate for discriminating partners.
Coverity is the trusted standard for companies that have a 
          zero-tolerance policy for software failures. More than 1,000 
          Coverity customers use Coverity's award winning portfolio of testing 
          products to test their code to discover and eliminate software 
          defects in their products.
Critical Watch is a leading provider of patented security risk 
          management and compliance solutions that enable a comprehensive 
          business process for integrating vulnerability management and 
          security configuration policy compliance across the enterprise. In 
          addition to its FusionVM suite of appliance-based and 
          Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)-based solutions, Critical Watch 
          provides PCI Compliance services as an Approved Scanning Vendor. 
          Headquartered in Dallas, Texas, Critical Watch has been deployed 
          across the U.S. and internationally through verticals such as 
          healthcare, energy, ecommerce, IT outsourcing and financial 
          services. Critical Watch has grown profitably since 2001 and is 
          recognized as an industry leader.
Since its inception in 1996 as SmartLine, DeviceLock, Inc. has been 
          providing endpoint device control and data leak prevention software 
          solutions to businesses of all sizes and industries. Protecting more 
          than 4 million computers in more than 60,000 organizations 
          worldwide, DeviceLock has a vast range of corporate customers 
          including financial institutions, state and federal government 
          agencies, classified military networks, healthcare providers, 
          telecommunications companies, and educational institutions. 
          DeviceLock, Inc. is an international organization with offices in 
          San Ramon (California, US), London (UK), Ratingen (Germany), Moscow 
          (Russia) and Milan (Italy).
Exar Corporation, a leader in hardware-accelerated encryption, will 
          showcase its latest data security solutions for Critical 
          Infrastructure, Cloud Computing, and other performance sensitive 
          applications. Exar’s data security cards and processors accelerate 
          the latest encryption standards, including the Suite B algorithms 
          promoted by the NSA for use in critical infrastructure deployments.
FoxT protects corporate information and privileged accounts with an 
          award-winning enterprise access management solution that centrally 
          enforces granular access entitlements, in real-time, across 
          operating systems and business applications on any networked device. 
          The ability to proactively administer, authenticate, authorize, and 
          produce consolidated audit reports across diverse platforms, down to 
          the file and device level, enables organizations to greatly reduce 
          compliance and audit costs, streamline IT security administration, 
          and protect corporate value by mitigating the risk of insider fraud. 
          FoxT solutions are being utilized by Global 1000 customers in 32 
          countries including 5 of the top 10 banks.
G Data Software, founded in 1985, is the world’s first antivirus 
            provider, with offices and distribution in more than 80 countries. 
            The company provides enterprise and consumer security solutions, 
            including antivirus, anti-spyware, anti-phishing, and firewall 
            software. G Data Software also runs a world-class malware research 
            lab, Security Labs, which analyzes threats globally, partnering 
            with organizations, governments and nonprofits to fulfill a 
            variety of needs. In 2010, the company established operations in 
            North America, located in the heart of Research Triangle Park, 
            North Carolina. For more information on G Data Software, its 
            products, or Security Labs, visit www.gdata-software.com
LeakWall from GentleSecurity: innovative content-aware endpoint DLP 
          system. LeakWall enforces content-centric policies regarding 
          processing, use, transit and storage of classified data, protecting 
          from theft and accidental leakage. Contents get classified through 
          deep data inspection, identifying partial and modified content. 
          Policies allow audit and control content transmission, access and 
          modification. LeakWall prevents malicious leaks by insiders, malware 
          or intruders covert channels. Encryption, device and web holistic 
          access controls add value beyond pure DLP.
Easy to deploy and employ, due to its advanced classification method 
          and integration with Microsoft Group Policy, Leakwall also provides 
          dynamic profiling and discovery features.
GoldKey Security Corporation specializes in providing advanced 
          security solutions to government, financial institutions, and other 
          organizations with mission critical data to protect. GoldKey is an 
          integrated security solution. It incorporates twelve security 
          strategies into a single device making it the most comprehensive 
          solution on the market. At the RSA Conference, GoldKey Security 
          Corporation will launch the first private cloud storage and online 
          authentication security appliance to rely solely on hardware tokens 
          for key management. This combination will be a new standard for 
          enterprises that want to protect and maintain control of their data 
          both in and out of the cloud.
High Density Devices (HDD) safeguards your data by patented, 
          verified and certified Full Disk Encryption products for plug & play 
          installations in USB, HDD and SSD based configurations, in addition 
          to the exclusive Crypto Adapter for protection of all USB storage 
          media! HDD provides solutions for defence, corporate and mass market 
          encryption purposes by offering hardware encryption – incorporating 
          the patented [hiddn]™ Crypto Module - certified with FIPS 140-2 
          Level 3, Common Criteria EAL4+ and NATO RESTRICTED, and is one of 
          the most user friendly and cost effective encryption technologies 
          available on the market today. Please visit our stand for demo of 
          the latest product, [hiddn]™ Crypto Adapter; encryption of any USB 
          storage media in one device!
INTELIGENSA USA Inc. is a leading multinational organization in the 
          design and implementation of identification, authentication and 
          payment systems, its core business being the technological 
          integration of solutions. The company operates in the USA, Latin 
          America, Europe and Asia.
INTELIGENSA USA Inc. is recognized for its discretion in managing 
          its clients’ projects, for maintaining high security levels, and for 
          innovative ideas that differentiate it from its competitors. 
          INTELIGENSA USA Inc.'s greatest strengths are its professional 
          development and support teams for project development and technical 
          support of its authentication product line, which includes the 
          Inteligensa Display Card.
With 95,000 constituents in 160 countries, ISACA (www.isaca.org) is 
          a global association that provides knowledge, certifications, 
          community and education on information systems (IS) assurance and 
          security, enterprise governance of IT, and IT-related risk and 
          compliance. Founded in 1969, ISACA hosts international conferences, 
          publishes the ISACA Journal, and develops international IS auditing 
          and control standards. It also administers the globally respected 
          Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Certified Information 
          Security Manager (CISM), Certified in the Governance of Enterprise 
          IT (CGEIT) and Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control 
          (CRISC) designations. ISACA continually updates COBIT, which helps 
          IT professionals and enterprise leaders fulfill their IT governance 
          responsibilities.
Follow ISACA on Twitter at http://twitter.com/ISACANews.
Ixia is a leading supplier of converged network and application 
          performance testing solutions for network equipment manufacturers, 
          service providers, enterprises, and government agencies. Ixia's test 
          and simulation platforms use powerful, high performance technology 
          to design and validate a multitude of IP and 3G/LTE networking 
          equipment. Ixia’s solutions generate realistic, media-rich traffic 
          to stress routers, switches, and converged network appliances. Its 
          solutions can also validate the effectiveness of the latest network 
          security appliances including firewalls, intrusion detection and 
          prevention systems (IDS/IPS), anti-virus, anti-spam and URL filters, 
          and VPN gateways - delivering continuous protection of networks and 
          cloud data center infrastructure.
KSI-A global leader in desktop and enterprise security solutions, 
          will be demonstrating the new SonarLocID® keyboard. The SonarLocID® 
          keyboard solves security risks and privacy concerns with unattended 
          computers.
The SonarLocID® keyboard uses state of the art integrated presence 
          detection technology to identify that a user is physically present. 
          The workstation will remain active as long as the user is present, 
          but will securely lock when the user physically steps away, locking 
          the workstation and securing sensitive information.
The SonarLocID® keyboard easily attaches to the PC via a USB port 
          and comes with a programming utility. Typical applications 
          -HIPAA-pharmacy, healthcare, banking, government.
Lieberman Software provides privileged identity management and 
          security management solutions that protect the multi-platform 
          enterprise. By automating time-intensive IT administration tasks, 
          Lieberman Software increases control over the computing 
          infrastructure, reduces security vulnerabilities, improves 
          productivity and helps ensure regulatory compliance. As Pioneers of 
          Privileged Identity Management, Lieberman Software not only 
          developed the first software solution to address this need, its 
          products continue to lead the market in features and functionality. 
          The company is headquartered in Los Angeles, CA with an office in 
          Austin, TX.
Modulo is a leading global provider of Governance, Risk and 
          Compliance (GRC) management solutions. Modulo's award-winning Risk 
          Manager™ provides over 1,000 organizations with the onsite, SaaS, or 
          cloud-based tools they need to automate the entire GRC process - to 
          monitor, manage, and sustain adherence to policy and regulations 
          while reducing costs, enterprise risk and complexity. Customers span 
          the financial, health care, retail, telecom, power & gas and 
          government sectors and include the prestigious BC Hydro, Synovus 
          Financial and New York University Medical Center. Modulo's extensive 
          network of partnerships includes IBM, Microsoft, Cisco, ISS, Qualys 
          and Rapid 7 and it is a key contributor to many standards such as 
          ISO, PCI SVA and Shared Assessments/Bits Initiative. Modulo is a 
          2011 SC Magazine Excellence Award Finalist in Best Regulatory 
          Compliance.
Myricom is introducing Sniffer10G 2.0, 10GbE extreme-performance, 
          cost-effective packet capture and injection software for DDoS and 
          Cyber Security Monitoring for customers, and application and 
          appliance vendors.
Founded in 1994 as a Caltech spin-off, Myricom is the technology 
          leader in extreme-performance 10-Gigabit Ethernet (10GbE) solutions 
          specialized for vertical markets. Myricom pioneered High Performance 
          Computing (HPC) interconnect technology that helped fuel the growth 
          of cluster computing.
With its fourth generation of networking products, Myri-10G, Myricom 
          has achieved convergence between mainstream 10-Gigabit Ethernet and 
          HPC technology. Myricom NICs and software power applications with 
          demanding latency or throughput requirements.
Netronome is a leading developer of highly programmable 
          semiconductor products that are used for intelligent flow processing 
          in network and communications devices. Netronome’s solutions include 
          network flow processors and acceleration cards that scale from 10 to 
          100 Gbps. They are used in carrier-grade and enterprise-class 
          communications products that require deep packet inspection, flow 
          analysis, content processing, virtualization and security. 
          Netronome’s products are developed in labs in Santa Clara, CA, 
          Boxborough, MA and Pittsburgh, PA. To learn more about Netronome and 
          its products, please visit www.netronome.com.
NetWitness® is a revolutionary network monitoring platform that 
          provides enterprises a precise and actionable understanding of 
          everything happening on the network. NetWitness solutions are 
          deployed in customer environments to solve a wide range of tough 
          information security problems including: insider threats, zero-day 
          exploits and targeted malware, advanced persistent threats, fraud, 
          espionage, data leakage, and continuous monitoring of security 
          controls. NetWitness customers include enterprises across the Global 
          1000 in sectors such as financial services, power and energy, 
          telecommunications, retail, and high-tech, as well as government 
          agencies around the world in defense, homeland security, law 
          enforcement, and intelligence.
NitroSecurity develops high-performance security information and 
          event management (SIEM) solutions that protect critical information 
          and infrastructure. NitroSecurity solutions reduce risk exposure and 
          increase network and information availability by removing the 
          scalability and performance limitations of security information 
          management. Utilizing the industry’s fastest analytical tools, 
          NitroSecurity identifies, correlates and remediates threats in 
          minutes instead of hours, allowing organizations to quickly mitigate 
          risks to their information and infrastructure. NitroSecurity serves 
          more than 500 organizations in the energy, healthcare, education, 
          financial services, government, retail, hospitality and managed 
          services industries. For more information, please visit 
          http://www.nitrosecurity.com.
The Initiative for Open AuTHentication (OATH) is the industry’s 
          leading collaboration of device, platform and application companies, 
          and end user customers of authentication technologies. OATH 
          participants foster use of strong authentication across networks, 
          devices and applications. OATH participants work collectively to 
          facilitate standards and build a reference architecture for open 
          authentication while evangelizing the benefits of strong 
          interoperable authentication in a networked world. As OATH grows, 
          the organization actively incorporates feedback and technology 
          contributions from end-user participants who share a common vision 
          for open authentication technology and the products that provide 
          this important measure of security.
Quest Software helps solve the top IT management challenges 
          organizations face across physical, virtual and cloud 
          infrastructures. Quest serves over 100,000 customers around the 
          globe by providing great solutions for identity and access 
          management, performance monitoring, data protection, development, 
          migration and IT administration.
Security Mentor® provides innovative, web-based security awareness 
          training designed for how people learn and work: Brief, Frequent, 
          and Focused™. Ten-minute lessons easily fit busy schedules, and 
          monthly training keeps security top of mind. Rich media, Flash-based 
          lessons are as memorable as they are engaging and effective. And 
          interactive content promotes learning by doing. Whether training is 
          taken as a service from Security Mentor's website or as 
          SCORM-compliant modules, lesson progress and completion is tracked 
          and reported. See for yourself why Security Mentor's trainees say 
          "great, loved it". Ask for a demo today at: 
          http://www.securitymentor.com.
Skybox Security delivers a complete portfolio of proactive security 
          risk and compliance management solutions that act as an x-ray vision 
          for IT networks. Skybox solutions automatically create a 
          comprehensive view of the network environment, combining information 
          about network topology, configuration settings, vulnerabilities, 
          threats and important assets. With Skybox, IT security and 
          operations personnel can quickly anticipate potential avenues of 
          attack, ensure compliance, and verify secure configurations on 
          thousands of devices.
Solera Networks develops network forensics solutions that enable 
          complete visibility into network traffic. The company improves 
          network security, management, forensics and compliance capabilities 
          by providing a complete historical record of all network activity 
          through deep packet capture and stream-to-storage technology. This 
          results in full visibility of all traffic crossing the network. 
          Think of it as a DVR or surveillance for your network–but Solera 
          Networks records every channel, every program, every application, 
          every activity on the network all the time.
Softex was founded in 1992, in Austin, Texas and is a leading 
          provider of security software products and services. Softex serves 
          many of the top tier OEMs, such as Lenovo, Samsung, IBM, Fujitsu, 
          Hewlett-Packard, Motion Computing and hardware vendors such as APC, 
          Synaptics, Ratoc, etc. Softex’s OmniPass is an Enterprise SSO and 
          IAM solution that provides secure authentication and access to 
          systems and applications. Softex's SecureDrive is a comprehensive 
          data protection and encryption solution to manage and configure Self 
          Encrypting Drives (SEDs).
SPYRUS holds patents in the U.S. and abroad that enable solutions 
          for secure authentication, secure communication, and full disk 
          encryption, as well as patents relating to data protection and 
          rights management for digital content. To prevent the insertion of 
          untrusted components, Secured by SPYRUS™ security technology is 
          proudly designed, engineered, and manufactured in the USA to meet 
          FIPS 140-2 Level 3 standards. SPYRUS is headquartered in San Jose, 
          California. See www.spyrus.com for more information.
Stonesoft delivers proven, innovative solutions that simplify 
            network security management for even the most complex network 
            environments. The StoneGate Platform unifies management of entire 
            networks—including StoneGate and third-party devices—blending 
            integrated threat management, end-to-end high availability and 
            network optimization into a centrally controlled system. As a 
            result, Stonesoft provides the highest levels of proactive 
            control, always-on connectivity and compliance at the lowest TCO 
            on the market today. Founded in 1990, the company is an 
            established leader in network security innovation with corporate 
            headquarters in Helsinki, Finland and Americas headquarters in 
            Atlanta, Georgia. For more information, visit www.stonesoft.com or 
            www.antievasion.com.
Thales e-Security is a leading global provider of data encryption 
          solutions to the financial services, high technology manufacturing, 
          government, and technology sectors. Security conscious organizations 
          trust our data protection solutions. With a 40-year track record of 
          protecting corporate and government information, Thales solutions 
          are used by four of the five largest energy and aerospace companies, 
          22 NATO countries, and secure more than 70 percent of worldwide 
          payment transactions. Thales e-Security has offices in France, Hong 
          Kong, Norway, United States and the United Kingdom
TITUS is the leading provider of security and compliance software 
          that helps organizations share information securely while meeting 
          policy and compliance requirements. Our solutions enable military, 
          government, and large enterprises to raise awareness and meet 
          regulatory compliance by visually alerting end users to the 
          sensitivity of information. Products include TITUS Classification, 
          the leading message, document and file classification and labeling 
          solutions; TITUS Aware, products that enhance DLP by detecting 
          sensitive information at the desktop; and the TITUS family of 
          classification and security solutions for Microsoft SharePoint. 
          TITUS solutions are deployed to over 1.5 million users within our 
          over 300 military, government and enterprise customers worldwide, 
          including Dow Corning, United States Air Force, NATO, G4S, 
          Paternoster, and Pratt and Whitney.
Townsend Security, the encryption company, guarantees its NIST and 
          FIPS 140-2 certified solutions will always meet or exceed the 
          encryption and key management requirements in PCI, HIPAA/HITECH and 
          other regulations. Built for compliance – strong encryption and key 
          management secures data at the source, secure file transfers ensure 
          data moves securely outside the organization, XML and web services 
          help meet business requirements and real-time system logging 
          provides essential reporting on access attempts to confidential data.
Our combined experience and innovative solutions help customers 
          world wide keep up with changing legislation, technology, and data 
          management requirements.
In an era of borderless enterprises, IT struggles to secure 
            corporate content in a world of social media, mobile devices and 
            cloud applications. Websense, Inc., a global leader in unified Web 
            security, email security, and data loss prevention (DLP) 
            solutions, delivers the best content security for modern threats 
            at the lowest total cost of ownership to tens of thousands of 
            organizations around the world. Distributed through a global 
            network of channel partners and delivered as software, appliance 
            and Security-as-a-Service (SaaS), Websense content security 
            solutions help organizations leverage Web 2.0 and cloud 
            communication, collaboration, and social media while protecting 
            from advanced persistent threats, preventing the loss of 
            confidential information and enforcing internet use and security 
            policies.
