Agiliance is a leading independent provider of Governance, Risk and
          Compliance (GRC) solutions. The Agiliance GRC solutions enables
          organizations to manage their IT and operational risks more
          effectively, while reducing the cost of meeting compliance mandates.
          Agiliance offers an integrated suite of GRC solutions, delivered on
          a purpose-built GRC platform. During RSA, Agiliance will be
          demonstrating its new RiskVision 5.0 product, featuring cutting-edge
          technologies that enable organizations to adopt a risk based
          approach to security. RiskVision 5.0 also features prebuilt
          integrations with security technology leaders McAfee and VeriSign.
          Visit the Agiliance booth for a demonstration of these leading GRC
          solutions.
Anakam enables the acceleration of eGovernment, eHealth, eBanking,
            and eCommerce for large, diverse web user bases. The company’s
            revolutionary strong and flexible multi-factor authentication
            platform is highly cost-effective, scalable, easy to deploy and
            convenient for end-users, with no tokens, cards, or software
            downloads. Anakam’s integrated platform delivers no-touch identity
            proofing and two-factor authentication. Anakam’s two-factor
            authentication technology utilizes commonly available items, such
            as a cell phone, office/home phone, even voice biometrics to
            enable the extra layer of protection. Please visit our website at
            www.anakam.com.
AppSec is the leading provider of database security, risk and
          compliance (SRC) solutions for the enterprise. AppSec’s agentless
          approach - AppDetectivePro for auditors and IT advisors, and
          DbProtect for the enterprise - delivers the industry’s most scalable
          database SRC solution and is in use around the world in the most
          demanding environments by over 2,000 customers. The company was
          named to Inc. Magazine’s 2007 (Inc. 500) and 2008 list of America’s
          Fastest Growing Private Companies, and was also named to the 2008
          Deloitte Technology Fast 50 by Deloitte & Touche.
For more information, please visit www.appsecinc.com.
To implement a strategic, efficient and sustainable governance, risk
          and compliance (GRC) program, organizations need integrated
          technologies, expert resources and a unified view into business
          processes across IT, Finance, Operations and Legal domains. In
          January 2010, Archer Technologies joined RSA, The Security Division
          of EMC, to deliver on this vision through the industry's most
          powerful eGRC ecosystem—one that brings together people, processes
          and technologies to enable best-in-class GRC programs on a global
          scale. For more information, visit www.archer.com or call
          1-888-539-EGRC.
Arcot is the cloud authentication leader. Our fraud prevention,
          strong authentication, and e-Document security solutions make Web
          transactions and online access safe for millions of consumer,
          enterprise, and e-Commerce users. Organizations can transparently
          deploy stronger authentication and allow users to conveniently
          authenticate from any computer or mobile device. Arcot fraud
          prevention, strong authentication, and e-Document security solutions
          are delivered on-premise or on-demand as an Arcot hosted service.
          Arcot solutions comply with U.S. and international security
          standards including 3-D Secure, CardSpace, FFIEC, OpenID, SAFE, and
          SAML. Arcot solutions deliver the right balance of cost, convenience
          and strength.
ArcSight (NASDAQ: ARST) is a leading global provider of security and
          compliance management solutions that protect businesses and
          government agencies. ArcSight identifies, assesses, and mitigates
          both internal and external cyber threats and risks across the
          organization for activities associated with critical assets and
          processes. With the market-leading ArcSight SIEM platform,
          organizations can proactively safeguard their assets, comply with
          corporate and regulatory policy and control the risks associated
          with cyber-theft, cyber-fraud, cyber-warfare and cyber-espionage.
          For more information, visit www.arcsight.com.
Astaro offers the most complete and easy to use Internet security
          appliances available. Combining best of breed applications and
          enterprise level performance, Astaro’s award-winning products
          provide the latest protection with the best total cost of ownership.
          Software, hardware and virtual appliance offerings provide users the
          flexibility to meet a wide variety of deployment scenarios.
          Distributed by a growing worldwide network of more than 2,500
          certified partners, Astaro products protect over 100,000 networks
          for 47,000 customers across 60 countries. Astaro, headquartered in
          Wilmington, Massachusetts, USA and Karlsruhe, Germany, offers free
          downloads of its products at www.astaro.com.
Barracuda Networks Inc. combines premise-based gateways and
          software, cloud services, and sophisticated remote support to
          deliver comprehensive security, networking and storage solutions.
          The company’s expansive product portfolio includes offerings for
          protection against email, Web and IM threats as well as products
          that improve application delivery and network access, message
          archiving, backup and data protection.
More than 100,000 organizations protect their IT infrastructures
          with Barracuda Networks’ range of affordable, easy-to-deploy and
          manage solutions. Barracuda is privately held with its International
          headquarters in Campbell, Calif. Please visit Barracuda Networks at
          booth #1549 at RSA for product demonstrations and technology
          presentations.
Blue Coat Systems is the technology leader in Application Delivery
          Networking. Blue Coat offers an Application Delivery Network
          infrastructure that provides the visibility, acceleration and
          security required to optimize and secure the flow of information to
          any user, on any network, anywhere. This provides the comprehensive
          application and user control required to contain costs, enhance
          productivity and respond quickly to changing business requirements,
          fueling a long-term competitive advantage for the distributed
          enterprise. Blue Coat has an aggressive strategy and solution
          roadmap for advancing the integration of the visibility,
          acceleration and security technologies at the heart of the
          application delivery network.
CA, Inc., is the world’s leading independent IT management software
          company and a leader in identity and access management. With CA's
          Enterprise IT Management vision and expertise, organizations can
          more effectively govern, manage and secure IT to optimize business
          performance and sustain competitive advantage. CA Security Solutions
          for Identity and Access Management enable organizations to control
          access to systems, applications and data from any environment -
          physical or virtual – and from the Web to the mainframe to the
          cloud. CA's view of IAM goes beyond traditional IAM to content-aware
          IAM which extends identity control to the data level.
Critical Watch is a leading provider of patented security risk
          management and compliance solutions that enable a comprehensive
          business process for integrating vulnerability management and
          security configuration policy compliance across the enterprise. In
          addition to its FusionVM suite of appliance-based and
          Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)-based solutions, Critical Watch
          provides PCI Compliance services as an Approved Scanning Vendor.
          Headquartered in Dallas, Texas, Critical Watch has been deployed
          across the U.S. and internationally through verticals such as
          healthcare, energy, ecommerce, IT outsourcing and financial
          services. Critical Watch has grown profitably since 2001 and is
          recognized as an industry leader.
Cyber-Ark® Software is a global information security company that
          specializes in protecting and managing privileged users,
          applications and highly-sensitive information to improve compliance,
          productivity and protect organizations against insider threats. With
          its Privileged Identity Management, Governed File Transfer and
          Highly-Sensitive Information Management Suites, organizations can
          more effectively manage and govern application access while
          demonstrating returns on security investments. Cyber-Ark works with
          more than 600 global customers, including more than 35 percent of
          the Fortune 50. Headquartered in Newton, Mass., Cyber-Ark has
          offices and authorized partners in North America, Europe and Asia
          Pacific. For more information, visit www.cyber-ark.com.
dataguise is a leading innovator of security solutions for
          protecting sensitive data across the enterprise. Organizations
          including Facebook, Molina Healthcare and UC Berkeley have
          implemented dataguise’s automated and advanced data security
          solutions to help ensure regulatory compliance, protect against data
          theft, discover sensitive data and maintain data quality.
•dgdiscover enables organizations to find structured database
          repositories across the network, search and discover sensitive data
          in structured databases.
•dgmasker, with its unique Masking On-Demand™ capability, is able
            to mask or de-identify to protect sensitive data. dgmasker
            provides secure masking of database content with unprecedented
            flexibility and functionality across heterogeneous environments.
DS3 specializes in security R&D and delivering security solutions
          for banks, government and enterprises.
The DS3 Authentication Server is a complete multi-factor,
          multi-token authentication appliance for user authentication and
          transaction authorization. It is used for
-Corporate banking high-value transaction authorizations
The IBM Total Authentication Solution is based on DS3 Authentication
          technologies.
Enova technology specializes in the design of Real-time hardware
          cryptographic storage solutions for SATA, IDE and USB interface.
          X-Wall FX, the latest generation, is a USB to SATA cryptographic
          bridge processor with tightly integrated USB 2.0 and SATA interface
          controller, making it perfect to secure USB external storage devices.
X-Wall FX-256C is now shipped with Iomega eGO Encrypt Plus portable
          hard drive, which offers military grade AES CBC 256-bit crypto
          strength to provide the strongest protection available to your
          confidential data
FireEye, Inc. is the leader in malware protection systems, enabling
          organizations to protect critical infrastructure, intellectual
          property and networks against Web malware and botnet infiltration.
          The FireEye Malware Protection System is a next-generation malware
          analysis platform featuring the network use of transparent virtual
          machines to uncover zero-day malware, botnets, and targeted attacks
          that circumvent today’s technologies such as intrusion prevention
          systems, antivirus, and URL filters. By essentially eliminating
          false positives, FireEye re-defines effective network security. The
          company is backed by Sequoia Capital, Norwest Venture Partners,
          JAFCO, DAG Ventures and Juniper Networks.
GlobalSCAPE, Inc. (NYSE Amex: GSB), based in San Antonio, Texas, is
          a global solutions provider that equips organizations to
          intelligently and securely manage sensitive information in motion
          and at rest, across multiple offices and with customers and business
          partners. Trusted by most of the Fortune 100, GlobalSCAPE develops
          market-leading information security products and services to help
          enterprises execute a comprehensive strategy for protecting critical
          business information. GlobalSCAPE can be found at:
          www.globalscape.com.
Identity Finder, LLC was founded in 2001 by innovative security
          experts and is headquartered in New York City. Its technology gives
          users the ability to find and protect sensitive data. The company
          has quickly grown to become a leader in data loss prevention and
          identity theft prevention by helping millions of consumers, small
          businesses, and enterprises in over fifty countries. The management
          team is comprised of globally recognized specialists that are
          thought leaders in the security and privacy industry.
http://www.identityfinder.com/us/Company
With 86,000 constituents in 160 countries, ISACA is a global
          provider of knowledge, certifications, community, advocacy and
          education on information systems (IS) assurance and security,
          enterprise governance of IT, and IT-related risk and compliance.
Founded in 1969, ISACA sponsors international conferences and
          develops international IS auditing and control standards. It also
          administers four globally respected certifications: Certified
          Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Certified Information Security
          Manager (CISM), Certified in the Governance of Enterprise IT (CGEIT)
          and the brand-new Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control
          (CRISC).
ISACA developed and updates several frameworks, including COBIT, Val
          IT and the new Risk IT. It will publish the Business Model for
          Information Security in 2010.
Integralis, an NTT Communications Group company, is a global
          information risk management solutions provider delivering a
          portfolio of managed security, IT infrastructure, consulting and
          technology integration services. The company's solutions help
          organizations lower IT costs and increase the depth of security
          protection, compliance and service availability.
M86 is a global provider of Web and messaging security solutions and
          the industry's largest vendor of Web security appliances. The
          company delivers comprehensive protection to more than 21,000
          customers and over 16 million users worldwide. M86 has the
          expertise, product breadth and technology to protect organizations
          from both current and emergent threats. M86's appliance, software
          and cloud-based solutions leverage real-time threat data to
          proactively secure customers' networks from malware and spam;
          protect their sensitive information' and maintain employee
          productivity. The company is based in Orange, California with
          international headquarters in London and offices worldwide. For more
          information about M86 Security, please visit:
          http://www.m86security.com.
Modulo is the industry’s leading global enterprise provider of
          comprehensive Governance Risk and Compliance (GRC) management
          solutions.
Our Award winning Risk Manager™ delivers an automated management
          architecture that allows a flexible consistent approach to monitor,
          manage and sustain adherence to policy and regulations while
          reducing enterprise risk and complexity.
Unlike other GRC build it yourself management solutions, Modulo
          encapsulates years of industry experience into a fully integrated
          solution that provides quick time to value.
Modulo cost effectively reduces unacceptable exposures in a
          consistent repeatable fashion without an army of outside consultants
          and auditors.
MXI Security is the leader in encrypted USB and secure biometric USB
          drives that are designed to meet the highest security and privacy
          standards of even the most demanding customers. MXI Security
          solutions combine the power of strong user authentication, digital
          identity and data encryption to protect access to sensitive
          information and systems.
Easy to manage and transparent to the end user, MXI Security
          solutions enable organizations to satisfy multiple security needs
          with a single device, facilitating greater mobility without
          compromising security.
nCircle is the leading provider of automated security and compliance
          auditing solutions. More than 4,000 enterprises, government agencies
          and service providers around the world rely on nCircle's proactive
          solutions to manage and reduce security risk and achieve compliance
          on their networks. nCircle has won numerous awards for growth,
          innovation, customer satisfaction and technology leadership. nCircle
          is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, with regional offices
          throughout the United States and in London and Toronto. Additional
          information about nCircle is available at www.ncircle.com.
Net Optics is the global leader of intelligent network access
          solutions, helping more than 6,300 enterprises, service providers
          and government organizations improve network performance, enhance
          security and maintain regulatory compliance. The company's
          innovative solutions enable customers to gain 100 percent visibility
          into their networks using leading intrusion detection and prevention
          systems, protocol analyzers, firewalls and network probes. Net
          Optics offers a comprehensive suite of monitoring access solutions
          that enable complete, permanent visibility into any network link
          without data stream interference or introducing a point of failure.
          Net Optics maintains a global market presence through leading OEM
          partner and reseller networks.
NetWitness Corporation is the world leader in advanced persistent
          threat detection and real-time network forensics and the company
          responsible for discovering a dangerous new ZeuS botnet that
          affected 75,000 systems in 2,500 organizations around the world.
          NetWitness solutions concurrently solve a wide variety of
          information security problems including: advanced persistent threat
          management; sensitive data discovery and advanced data leakage
          detection; malware activity discovery; insider threat management;
          policy and controls verification and e-discovery. Originally
          developed for the US Intelligence Community, NetWitness has evolved
          to provide enterprises around the world with breakthrough methods of
          network content analysis and host-based risk discovery and
          prioritization. NetWitness customers include Defense, National Law
          Enforcement and Intelligence Agencies, Top US and European Banks,
          Critical Infrastructure, and Global 1000 organizations.
NitroSecurity develops award-winning security information and
          compliance management solutions that protect business information
          and infrastructure. NitroSecurity solutions reduce business risk
          exposure and increase network and information availability by
          removing the scalability and performance limitations of security
          information management. Utilizing the industry's fastest analytical
          tools, NitroSecurity identifies, correlates, and remediates threats
          in minutes instead of hours, allowing organizations to quickly
          mitigate risks to their information and infrastructure.
          NitroSecurity serves more than 500 enterprises across many vertical
          markets, including healthcare, education, financial services,
          government, retail, hospitality and managed services.
PacketMotion’s User Activity Management (UAM) software appliances
            combine patent-pending algorithms with massive computing power to
            monitor network user activity at the application level.
            Mid-to-large enterprises simplify and lower the cost of meeting
            compliance/audit requirements (PCI DSS, SOX, etc.) while deriving
            security benefits including stopping user behavior that violates
            internal policies. A Gartner “Cool Vendor” company, PacketMotion’s
            PacketSentry™ Manager and Probe operate out of band with no impact
            on network performance, and they install in less than one day,
            typically reducing compliance-related capital and operating costs
            by 80% compared to a suite of siloed tools or manual effort.
Since 1984, Patrick Townsend Security Solutions (PTSS) has been a
          customer-focused, solutions-driven company. From its early days
          specializing in AS/400 (IBM i), PTSS became an encryption pioneer
          and now serves all major platforms. Today’s reality is that “data
          gets out,” and PTSS knows the best way to deal with this is not by
          building a wall around the data. Instead our solutions encrypt it,
          and protect it -- making stolen data useless to those trying to
          abuse it. Customers include the most recognizable names in retail,
          finance, health care, and government. PTSS is privately held and
          located in Olympia, WA.
Safelight Security Advisors is an information security education
          company that delivers effective, comprehensive and flexible training
          programs. The company has trained tens of thousands of students
          globally on information security across all major vertical markets
          and for some of the world’s top corporate brands. With a 100 percent
          focus on training, Safelight's instructor-led and online learning
          courses deliver innovative ways of teaching companies how to be more
          secure.
SecureState is a management consulting firm located in Cleveland,
          Ohio that specializes in security advisory, risk management,
          penetration and compliance assessment, and audit services.
SecureState engages with clients from various industries including
          retail, healthcare, and financial services. We work as an
          independent advisor to clients ranging in size from smaller,
          privately held organizations to Fortune 100 firms. Our Teams have
          the expertise to understand your organization’s objectives and help
          you tackle any security issues you face. We work through the entire
          security lifecycle to achieve optimum security solutions.
Security Mentor provides web-based security awareness training,
          hosted on our servers or on a customer's internal, SCORM-compliant
          LMS. Our innovative training is designed for how people learn and
          work: Brief, Frequent, and Focused. Eight-minute lessons fit busy
          schedules. Bi-weekly or monthly training keeps security top of mind.
          Single topic lessons are easy to learn. Security Mentor’s high
          production value, Flash-based lessons capture interest. Interactive
          content promotes learning by doing. Real-world scenarios, current
          security content and compelling games make training memorable and
          relevant. Training is tracked and reported by our LMS. Request a
          demo at: http://www.securitymentor.com.
Skybox Security solutions predict risks and prevent cyber attacks
          for organizations with complex networks in industries such as
          banking, telecommunications, government, and energy and utilities.
          USAID, a Skybox customer, will show how it incorporates Skybox-based
          automated risk analysis and network assurance to protect its
          worldwide network on Friday, March 5. In booth 628, Skybox will host
          activities including live demonstrations of its enterprise risk and
          compliance management solutions including CertiFire, its new
          firewall assurance tool for mid-market customers. Skybox provides
          solutions for PCI audits, change management, firewall analysis, risk
          modeling, and vulnerability management.
Softex was founded in 1992, in Austin, Texas and is a leading
          provider of security software products and services. Softex serves
          many of the top tier OEMs, such as Lenovo, Samsung, IBM, Fujitsu,
          Hewlett-Packard, Motion Computing and hardware vendors such as APC,
          Synaptics, Ratoc, etc. Softex’s OmniPass is an Enterprise SSO and
          IAM solution that provides secure authentication and access to
          systems and applications. Its tracking engine provides reporting for
          regulatory compliance and File/Folder encryption engine helps secure
          corporate data. The “software only” based solution from OmniPass is
          the most cost-effective, scalable and fully integrated solution in
          the market.
SonicWALL, the leader in network security, focuses on developing
          solutions that remove the cost and complexity out of managing a
          secure network environment. With more than one million award-winning
          appliances shipped through its global network of ten thousand
          channel partners, SonicWALL provides end-to-end solutions including
          Firewalls, SSL VPNs, Email Security and Continuous Data Protection
          that collectively ensure robust, secure network protection.
Sophos is committed to providing security and data protection
          solutions that are simple to manage, deploy and use, and that
          deliver the industry’s lowest total cost of ownership. Offering
          award-winning encryption, endpoint security, web, email, and network
          access control solutions, the company is backed by SophosLabs – a
          global network of threat intelligence centers. More than 100 million
          users in 150 countries rely on Sophos as the best protection against
          complex threats and data loss. The company is headquartered in
          Boston, US and Oxford, UK. More information is available at
          www.sophos.com.
Sourcefire, Inc. (Nasdaq:FIRE), creator of Snort® and a world leader
          in Cybersecurity solutions, transforms the way Global 2000
          organizations and government agencies manage and minimize network
          security risks. Sourcefire’s IPS and Real-time Adaptive Security
          solution equip customers with an efficient and effective layered
          security defense – protecting network assets before, during and
          after an attack. Through the years, Sourcefire has been consistently
          recognized for its innovation and industry leadership by customers,
          media and industry analysts – with over 50 awards and accolades to
          date. Today, the names of Sourcefire and founder Martin Roesch have
          grown synonymous with innovation and network security intelligence.
STEALTHbits Technologies is an innovative technology leader in the
          Microsoft Systems and Data Governance space. A multi-national
          organization with customers in dozens of countries around the world,
          STEALTHbits’ products are utilized and relied upon on a daily basis
          to streamline operations, increase efficiencies, automate processes,
          and reduce downtime and outages through both proactive and reactive
          management of mission-critical infrastructure. STEALTHbits
          Technologies’ Systems and Data Governance Solutions provide
          organizations of all sizes both high-level and granular views into
          their infrastructure and unstructured data through the fastest, most
          comprehensive auditing, reporting, and remediation engine in the
          industry.
Triumfant® leverages patented analytics to detect malicious attacks
          that evade traditional endpoint protection solutions. The Triumfant
          Resolution Manager discovers, diagnoses and repairs unwanted changes
          and builds situational remediations that address an attack and all
          collateral damage to return the machine to its pre-attack condition
          in real-time. Triumfant uses these analytics to continually enforce
          security configurations and policies, ensuring that organizations’
          endpoints are secure and audit ready every day. Triumfant is
          conducting its "You Bring It, We Kill It Malware Challenge" at Booth
          756 during the RSA Conference. For more information about Triumfant,
          visit www.triumfant.com, or follow them on Twitter, @Triumfant.
Wedge Networks provides high performance network based web security
          solutions to enterprises and service providers worldwide.
          Specialized in malicious-code detection and filtering at the
          application layer, our allow organizations to protect against new
          and emerging web based threats that traditional scanning methods
          have difficulty intercepting and controlling. Wedge Networks
          solutions touch millions of users and provide protection for
          utilities, service providers, heath care, oil and gas, government,
          web sites and other enterprise customers.
XyberSecure, Inc. provides easy to-deploy web application security
          services and real-time website threat identification and determent
          solutions. XyberSecure employs a global tier-1 infrastructure with
          tactical operations centers on both coasts of North America and 55
          points of presence in 22 countries. Utilizing a proprietary
          behavioral analysis and correlation engine, XyberSecure detects and
          deters web application attacks as they occur. XyberSecure utilizes
          individual security modules known as XyberFrames to defend against
          the top web application vulnerabilities and OWASP-defined attacks,
          as well as aid companies pursuing PCI 6.6 compliance requirements.
