Accellion, Inc. provides enterprise class mobile file sharing 
            solutions to enable secure, anytime, anywhere access to 
            information while ensuring enterprise security and compliance. 
            More than 11 million users and 1,700 of the world’s leading 
            organizations and government agencies use Accellion to protect 
            intellectual property, ensure compliance, improve business 
            productivity and reduce IT costs. Accellion file sharing solutions 
            can be deployed in public, private and hybrid cloud environments 
            and provide the ease-of-use business users need while giving the 
            enterprise the flexibility, scalability and protection it needs. 
            For more information, please visit www.accellion.com or call 
            (650)-485-4300.
Becrypt, a leading supplier to national, federal and local 
            governments, law enforcement agencies, and other organizations, 
            announces the availability of DISK Protect Windows 8 for Tablet. 
            This significantly extends the range of touch-screen tablets that 
            run Becrypt’s full disk encryption solution. The solution includes 
            on-screen, touch friendly pre-boot authentication, enabling 
            login/authentication before the operating system boots, avoiding 
            authenticating after a machine may already be compromised.
DISK Protect provides 256 bit encryption and is available in 
            several different accredited versions including FIPS 140.2 making 
            it suitable for U.S. and Canadian Federal governments and 
            organizations requiring a FIPS compliant solution.
CA Technologies provides IT management solutions that help customers 
          manage and secure complex IT environments to support agile business 
          services. Organizations leverage CA Technologies software and SaaS 
          solutions to accelerate innovation, transform infrastructure and 
          secure data, identities and access, from the data center to the 
          cloud. Specializing in identity and access management and data 
          protection, CA Technologies solutions help organizations find the 
          balance between securing and protecting the business and enabling 
          the business for transformative growth.
Core Security is the leading provider of predictive security 
          intelligence solutions for enterprises and government organizations. 
          We help more than 1,400 customers worldwide preempt critical 
          security threats throughout their IT environments, and communicate 
          the risk the threats pose to the business. Our patented, proven, 
          award-winning enterprise solutions are backed by more than 15 years 
          of applied expertise from CoreLabs, the company’s innovative 
          security research center. For more information, visit 
          www.coresecurity.com.
CounterTack, the industry’s first and only in-progress attack 
          intelligence and response solution provider, was born out of the 
          critical need to develop new security approaches for enterprise and 
          government organizations. The detection gap persists despite massive 
          investments and continuing advancements in security technologies, 
          with cyber attacker innovations outpacing cyber defenses. 
          CounterTack is leading the way on new approaches for deeper security 
          intelligence monitoring and faster attack response. To learn more, 
          visit www.CounterTack.com.
Coverity, Inc., (www.coverity.com), the leader in development 
            testing, is the trusted standard for companies that need to 
            protect their brands and bottom lines from software failures. More 
            than 1,100 Coverity customers use the Coverity® Development 
            Testing Platform to automatically test source code for software 
            defects that could lead to product crashes, unexpected behavior, 
            security breaches or catastrophic failure. Coverity is a privately 
            held company headquartered in San Francisco.
Cyber-Ark® Software is a global information security company that 
          specializes in protecting and managing privileged users, sessions, 
          applications and sensitive information to improve compliance, 
          productivity and protect organizations against insider threats and 
          advanced external threats. With its award-winning Privileged 
          Identity Management, Privileged Session Management and Sensitive 
          Information Management Suites, organizations can more effectively 
          manage and govern data center access and activities, whether 
          on-premise, off-premise or in the cloud, while demonstrating returns 
          on security investments. Cyber-Ark works with more than 1,200 
          customers, including more than 40 percent of the Fortune 100. 
          Headquartered in Newton, Mass., Cyber-Ark has offices and authorized 
          partners in North America, Europe and Asia Pacific.
Cypherbridge addresses the cyber threats to new devices flooding 
          onto global networks every day.
Software development kits from Cypherbridge target embedded, small 
          to medium memory applications in vertical markets, where space, 
          power and performance are carefully balanced.
Our customized device software solutions include SSL/TSL public-key 
          infrastructure, security and encryption SDK, SSH embedded SDK, and 
          uLoad secure boot loader and distribution server. The VPN SDK 
          implements IPsec/IKE for a cryptographically secure solution for IP 
          packet and firewall defense. The new Cloud Device Kit launched with 
          Express Logic lets users connect securely the cloud faster and 
          simpler through JSON and XMPP.
DB Networks is innovating behavioral analysis based database 
            security equipment for organizations who need to protect their 
            data from advanced attacks. DB Networks ADF-4200 Adaptive Database 
            Firewall is an effective countermeasure against SQL Injection and 
            database Denial of Service attacks. Unlike traditional database 
            security solutions, which require extensive customization and 
            time-consuming white list/black list maintenance, DB Networks 
            ADF-4200 automatically learns each application's proper SQL 
            behavior. Any SQL transaction which subsequently deviates from the 
            model immediately raises an alarm as an attack. DB Networks is 
            privately held and headquartered in San Diego, California. For 
            additional information, please visit us at dbnetworks.com.
Elliptic Technologies is a leading provider of embedded security 
          hardware cores and software to SoC manufacturers, OEMs, service and 
          content providers. Elliptic's highly-integrated solutions help 
          secure products in markets such as mobile, networking, home 
          entertainment, smart grid and automotive. Elliptic's hardware 
          security cores enable designers to efficiently balance power, 
          performance and silicon area and cover a wide variety of 
          cryptographic cores, public key accelerators, true random generators 
          and protocol processors. Elliptic features DRM and content 
          protection solutions for downloading and sharing premium content 
          between multiple devices, including DTCP-IP and HDCP SDKs built for 
          "trusted execution environments" used in consumer electronics.
FireMon is the industry leader in providing enterprises, government 
          and managed services providers with advanced security management 
          solutions that deliver deeper visibility and tighter control over 
          their network security infrastructure. The integrated FireMon 
          solution suite -- Security Manager, Policy Planner and Risk Analyzer 
          -- enables customers to identify network risk, proactively prevent 
          access to vulnerable assets, clean up firewall policies, automate 
          compliance, strengthen security throughout the organization, and 
          reduce the cost of security operations.
Fortinet (NASDAQ: FTNT) is a worldwide provider of network security 
          appliances and a market leader in unified threat management (UTM). 
          Our products and subscription services provide broad, integrated and 
          high-performance protection against dynamic security threats while 
          simplifying the IT security infrastructure. Customers include 
          enterprises, service providers and the majority of the 2012 Fortune 
          Global 100. Fortinet's FortiGate products delivers ASIC-accelerated 
          performance and integrates multiple layers of security designed to 
          protect against application and network threats. Fortinet's product 
          line goes beyond UTM to help secure the extended enterprise - from 
          endpoints, to the perimeter and the core, including databases and 
          applications.
Global Knowledge is the worldwide leader in IT and business skills 
          training, with more than 1,500 courses that span foundational and 
          specialized training and certifications. Our core training is 
          focused on Cisco, Microsoft, Avaya, VMware, Red Hat, business 
          process improvement, and leadership development. We deliver via 
          training centers, private facilities, and the Internet, enabling our 
          customers to choose when, where, and how they want to receive 
          training programs and learning services. Global Knowledge employs 
          more than 1,300 people worldwide and is headquartered in Cary, N.C. 
          The company is owned by New York-based investment firm MidOcean 
          Partners. Learn more at www.globalknowledge.com.
GreenSQL is the world’s #1 installed database security solution.
GreenSQL’s unified software solution provides database security, 
          Database Activity Monitoring (DAM), and Dynamic Data Masking in one 
          product that addresses today’s database security needs for all 
          organizations. GreenSQL is easy to install and manage and can be up 
          and running in your organization in a matter of minutes. As the 
          leader of the largest community of database administrators, we 
          ensure that our solutions are always suited and updated for the 
          latest market needs. GreenSQL supports Microsoft Azure, SQL Server, 
          MySQL, PostgreSQL, Amazon RDS and Maria DB database applications.
The International Association of Privacy Professionals (IAPP) is the 
          largest and most comprehensive global information privacy community 
          and resource, helping practitioners develop and advance their 
          careers and organizations manage and protect their data. Founded in 
          2000, the IAPP is a not-for-profit association that helps define, 
          support and improve the privacy profession through networking, 
          education and certification. More than just a professional 
          association, the IAPP provides a home for privacy professionals 
          around the world to gather, share experiences and enrich their 
          knowledge.
With more than 20 years of individual experience in IT security, 
          Keypasco’s founders are the minds behind some of the revolutionary 
          two factor authentication technology solutions used by leading 
          Internet banks today. And they have brought their knowledge to their 
          new business: Keypasco.
Keypasco develops secure software based authentication solution, 
            which is designed and customized to be used on trusted devices. 
            Keypasco delivers on society’s expanding needs for personal 
            authentication services, and identity protection within Internet 
            banking, online gaming, eCommerce, mobile Commerce, mobile payment 
            and eGovernment. Keypasco’s vision is to be a leading supplier of 
            services for securing cloud services.
Klocwork® helps developers create more secure software. Our tools 
          analyze source code on-the-fly, simplify peer code reviews and 
          extend the life of complex software. Over 1000 customers, including 
          the biggest brands in the mobile device, consumer electronics, 
          medical technologies, telecom, automotive, military and aerospace 
          sectors, have made Klocwork part of their software development 
          process. Tens of thousands of software developers, architects and 
          development managers rely on our tools everyday to improve their 
          productivity while creating better software.
Founded in 1994, Linoma Software is a global provider of enterprise 
          software solutions that keep data secure at rest and in motion to 
          help companies meet compliance regulations such as HIPAA, PCI DSS, 
          SOX, GLBA and state privacy regulations. Our GoAnywhere suite is an 
          on-site, browser-based managed file transfer solution for the 
          enterprise that can be installed on almost any platform using FTPS, 
          SFTP, HTTPS, AS2 communication protocols, and popular encryption 
          standards such as Open PGP, GPG, AES and FIPS 140-2. Visit 
          http://www.GoAnywhereMFT.com for more information or to download a 
          free trial.
nCircle is the leading provider of information risk and security 
            performance management solutions to more than 6,500 businesses and 
            government agencies worldwide. nCircle solutions enable 
            enterprises of all sizes to (1) automate compliance and reduce 
            risk, and (2) measure and compare the performance of their IT 
            security program with their own goals and industry peers. nCircle 
            solutions may be deployed on a customer's premises, as a 
            cloud-based service, or in combination, for maximum flexibility 
            and value. nCircle has won numerous awards for growth, innovation, 
            customer satisfaction and technology leadership.
NetIQ is a global, enterprise software company with a relentless 
          focus on customer success. Our award-winning solution portfolio 
          includes scalable, automated solutions for Identity, Security, 
          Access, Governance, Systems and Application, Service, and Workload 
          Management that help organizations intelligently secure, manage and 
          measure across hybrid IT environments in a cost-effective manner.
OneLogin is the innovator in enterprise identity management with 700 
          enterprise customers in 34 countries, including AAA, Gensler, 
          Netflix, News Corp International, Pandora, Red Hat, Steelcase and 
          PBS. The company provides the industry’s most comprehensive solution 
          for managing user identities in the cloud and behind the firewall. 
          Unique capabilities like Cloud Search and OneLogin for iPad break 
          down SaaS data silos and increase productivity. OneLogin’s cloud 
          identity platform comes complete with secure single sign-on for web, 
          mobile and iPad, federated search, user provisioning, deep directory 
          integration with real-time user sync, out-of-band multi-factor 
          authentication, VPN integration and compliance reporting. Follow 
          @onelogin.
OPSWAT is the leading provider of software management technologies 
          and multiple antivirus engine scanning solutions. OPSWAT’s OESIS 
          Framework, an SDK for detecting and managing thousands of 
          third-party software applications, is used by leading SSL VPN and 
          NAC vendors and is showcased in the free OPSWAT Security Score tool 
          (www.opswat.com/products/security-score). AppRemover SDK allows for 
          easy uninstallation of security and file sharing applications. Try 
          the free demo at www.appremover.com. OPSWAT’s Metascan technology 
          allows enterprises, government agencies, and software vendors to 
          integrate up to 30 anti-malware engine scanning into their 
          workflows. Try www.metascan-online.com, the free online 
          implementation of Metascan for scanning uploaded files.
Phishnix is a Phishing Diagnostic Solution which enables 
          organizations to enhance their security posture against social 
          engineering attacks. Through assessment and awareness training, 
          Phishnix provides valuable information regarding the health of your 
          organization’s human firewall. A simulated phishing attack, coupled 
          with a teaching moment that provides a customized educational 
          experience, increases the effectiveness of remediation. Phishnix is 
          powered by Aujas, a Global Information Risk Management (IRM) 
          services company. Phishnix consultants are certified information 
          security professionals and will work with you to create a realistic 
          phishing scenario. Strengthen your human firewall with Phishnix.
Are you avoiding two-factor authentication due to high cost and low 
          user adoption? You might be interested in the unique way in which 
          PortalGuard PassiveKey™ delivers two-factor which requires no 
          hardware, no interaction from the user, no recurring costs, and no 
          change to the user experience. It is 100% transparent to the user, 
          offers strong authentication and is easy to deploy.
PortalGuard’s Authentication Platform delivers five complimentary 
          authentication layers including two-factor (SMS, voice, printed, 
          email) plus transparent user authentication, self-service password 
          reset/recovery, SAML single sign-on, and password sync in one 
          encompassing platform.
Portcullis is a leading international specialist in Cyber Security 
          Services.
We provide Security testing services, Computer Forensics and 
          Incident Response for both the public and private sectors.
Here at Portcullis, information security is our business. We provide 
          our clients with the reassurance that their systems, networks and 
          web sites are secure from threat of attack from unauthorized sources;
We are also proud to represent Mavituna Security and their web 
          application scanning tool, Netsparker.
Mavituna together with Portcullis is launching ScanToSecure, the 
          Saas version of Netsparker, this week at RSA. Come check it out at 
          the Portcullis booth (3007).
Premio is a flexible US-based ODM/OEM global technology solution 
          provider of design, assembly, test, manufacturing, system 
          integration and supply chain services. We are unique in our ability 
          to provide transparent end-to-end support that delivers the proven 
          results that our OEM and ODM customers have come to expect. Unlike 
          most contract manufacturers, our design experts are ready to work 
          with our customers to increase product design and reliability, 
          optimize efficiency and reduce costs. Premio can accommodate service 
          level and volume requirements of any complexity. For more 
          information about Premio, please contact the Marketing Department at 
          800.9.PREMIO or visit: premioinc.com.
Prolexic, the world’s largest, most trusted Distributed Denial of 
          Service (DDoS) mitigation provider, restores mission-critical 
          Internet-facing infrastructures within minutes. Ten of the world’s 
          largest banks and the leading companies in e-Commerce, SaaS, payment 
          processing, travel/hospitality, gaming and other at-risk industries 
          work with Prolexic because DDoS Attacks End Here. www.prolexic.com.
Pwnie Express is the premier global provider of innovative, cost 
          effective, rapid deployment penetration testing products. Their 
          products are used by service providers, Fortune 50 companies and the 
          federal government. Their newly released Enterprise Pentesting 
          Appliance (EPA) enables coverage to large numbers of remote offices, 
          persistent pentesting functionality and centralized management 
          capabilities. They are announcing the release of the 
          industry-re-defining Pwn Pad, a tablet, loaded with wired and 
          external wireless pentesting tools (currently available for 
          pre-order with 1 April ship date). Pwnie Express was selected as a 
          2012 Industry Innovator in Analysis and Testing by SC Magazine.
Founded in 2002, Secunia is the leading provider of IT security 
          solutions that help businesses and private individuals globally 
          manage and control vulnerability threats and risks across their 
          networks and endpoints. Secunia’s proven, complementary portfolio 
          aids businesses in their handling of complex IT security risks and 
          compliance requirements across industries and sectors – a key 
          component in corporate risk management assessment, strategy, and 
          implementation. Secunia plays an important role in the IT security 
          ecosystem, and is the preferred supplier for enterprises and 
          government agencies worldwide, counting Fortune 500 and Global 2000 
          businesses among its customer base.
SilverSky is the expert provider of cloud security solutions. Born 
          from our success as a managed services provider, our 
          Security-as-a-Service platform delivers cloud-based software and 
          managed services that protect critical information simply and cost 
          effectively. By tirelessly safeguarding our customers’ most 
          important information, we enable growth-minded leaders to pursue 
          their business ambitions without security worry. Our growing 
          customer base includes 6,000 organizations in the financial 
          services, retail, healthcare, energy, critical infrastructure and 
          manufacturing sectors. For more information, visit SilverSky.com.
More than 100 million users in 150 countries rely on Sophos’ 
          complete security solutions as the best protection against complex 
          threats and data loss. Simple to deploy, manage, and use, Sophos’ 
          award-winning encryption, endpoint security, web, email, mobile and 
          network security solutions are backed by SophosLabs - a global 
          network of threat intelligence centers.
Sophos is headquartered in Boston, US and Oxford, UK. More 
          information is available at www.sophos.com.
SPYRUS, Inc. develops and manufactures hardware-based encryption, 
          authentication, and digital content security products. Featured 
          products at RSA in 2013 include Secure Portable Workplace, our 
          encrypted Microsoft certified Windows To Go drive that boots Windows 
          8; Rosetta hardware-based encryption devices in multiple form 
          factors; and the cross-platform PocketVault Encryptor applications 
          for computers, tablets, and phones.
SPYRUS holds patents in the U.S. and abroad. Secured by SPYRUS™ 
          security technology is proudly designed, engineered, and 
          manufactured in the USA to meet FIPS 140-2 Level 3 standards.
SPYRUS is a privately held company headquartered in San Jose, 
          California.
Tenable Network Security is relied on by security and compliance 
          professionals at many of the world's largest companies and 
          governments, to stay ahead of emerging vulnerabilities, threats, and 
          compliance-related risks. Its Nessus and SecurityCenter solutions 
          set the standard for identifying vulnerabilities, preventing 
          attacks, and complying with regulatory requirements. 
          http://www.tenable.com
TITUS is a leading provider of security and data governance software 
          that helps organizations share information securely while meeting 
          policy and compliance requirements. With over 2 million users 
          worldwide, our solutions enable enterprises, military and government 
          organizations to classify and secure unstructured information. 
          Products include TITUS Classification, the leading message, document 
          and file classification and labeling solutions that enhance data 
          loss prevention by involving end users in identifying sensitive 
          information; TITUS Mobile, a mobile email solution for securely 
          sending email and viewing attachments on mobile devices; and the 
          TITUS family of classification and security solutions for Microsoft 
          SharePoint.
Trustwave is a leading provider of compliance, Web, application, 
          network and data security solutions delivered through the cloud, 
          managed security services, software and appliances. For 
          organizations faced with today's challenging data security and 
          compliance environment, Trustwave provides a unique approach with 
          comprehensive solutions that include its TrustKeeper® portal and 
          other proprietary security solutions. Trustwave has helped hundreds 
          of thousands of organizations--ranging from Fortune 500 businesses 
          and large financial institutions to small and medium-sized 
          retailers--manage compliance and secure their network 
          infrastructures, data communications and critical information 
          assets. Trustwave is headquartered in Chicago with offices 
          worldwide. For more information, visit https://www.trustwave.com.
Verdasys provides Enterprise Information Protection solutions and 
          managed services to secure sensitive data and business processes, 
          enabling midsize and global businesses to successfully compete in 
          collaborative and mobile environments. Digital Guardian is a proven 
          technology platform providing policy-based data lifecycle 
          monitoring, classification, control and forensics on endpoints, 
          servers, virtual machines, enterprise applications, networks, mobile 
          devices and cloud environments. Digital Guardian protects IP and 
          regulated data from compromise by insiders, contractors, partners 
          and targeted cyberattacks. Since 2003, millions of Digital Guardian 
          agents have been deployed to protect critical data for global 
          leaders in financial services, insurance, technology, manufacturing 
          and healthcare industries.
Wombat Security Technologies, Inc. is the first and only company to 
          offer a complete suite of anti-phishing and security awareness 
          products that leverage progressive training techniques of 
          professional educators to effectively improve human response against 
          cyber-attacks over 80%. Wombat’s breakthrough software-based 
          training solutions teach users how to recognize and avoid the most 
          advanced attacks involving phishing, social networking, smartphones, 
          and working outside of the office. They also offer training for and 
          PCI-DSS and PII compliance.
Fortune 1000 companies, large government agencies, and small to 
          medium businesses around the world are successfully using Wombat’s 
          training solutions to significantly improve their security posture.
Learn more at www.wombatsecurity.com.
