AEP Networks offers secure communications, networking and 
          application access for government, enterprise and carriers. We work 
          with systems integrators, managed service providers and the 
          distribution channel to deliver integrated solutions incorporating 
          our leading edge products:
•Enhanced-grade secure voice and multi-service data platforms that 
          support a wide range of communications protocols and network 
          topologies
•High assurance networking via IPSec-based VPN encryptors for 
          site-to-site security and remote access
•Hardware Security Modules (HSM) for cryptographic key management 
          and storage
•Secure remote access to networks and applications – including 
          virtual environments – via application-layer security gateways and 
          SSL VPNs.
AMAX provides Turnkey Appliance Manufacturing solutions, from design 
          prototyping, such as customized chassis and system hardware designs, 
          to full-volume manufacturing, quality assurances, global logistics, 
          and worldwide support.
AMAX adheres to a strict, ISO 9001 certified, 5-Stage Manufacturing 
          Process, including component testing, system assembly, high 
          temperature burn-in stress testing, system functionality testing, 
          software image loading, and final quality inspections.
In terms of manufacturing and revision control: AMAX redefines 
          built-to-order Manufacturing, with its exclusive Manufacturing 
          Process Instructions (MPI) and ERP system to manage all aspects of 
          Production Manufacturing and Inventory control.
AppRiver, a SaaS security provider, protects companies from 
          multi-vector blended threats by thoroughly securing every connection 
          to the Internet. It does so by offering a fully integrated suite of 
          secure hosting services, including Anti-Virus/Anti-Spam Protection, 
          Microsoft® Exchange Hosting, Web Filtering, Encrypted Mail, Email 
          Archiving, and Mobile Messaging solutions. With AppRiver, any 
          business is granted access to enterprise-grade applications in 
          highly available datacenters for a fixed cost per month, which is 
          usually a fraction of the traditional in-house IT costs. The ability 
          to adopt on-demand services on a pay-as-you-go basis gives each 
          AppRiver customer greater cost-controls and flexibility.
Arcot authentication and digital signing solutions make online 
          access safe for millions of business, consumer, and ecommerce users. 
          With Arcot solutions, organizations can automatically and 
          transparently deploy stronger authentication and fraud detection 
          without changing user behavior or deploying expensive hardware. 
          Arcot best-in-class authentication provides protection from internet 
          threats and bridges the gap between cost, convenience, and strength. 
          Arcot fraud prevention, strong authentication, and e-Document 
          security solutions are delivered on-premise or on-demand as an Arcot 
          hosted service. Arcot solutions comply with U.S. and international 
          security standards including 3-D Secure, CardSpace, FFIEC, OpenID, 
          SAFE, and SAML.
Burton Group provides in-depth, IT research and advisory services to 
          executives and technologists at Global 2000 organizations. Focused 
          on strategic business technologies and the unique needs of 
          enterprise organizations, Burton Group provides clients company-wide 
          access to its world-renowned analysts and a suite of powerful, 
          intuitive research and decision support tools unmatched in the 
          industry.
Since 1990, we have supported global enterprises with our in-depth 
          and independent knowledge, research, analysis, methodologies and 
          best practices. The majority of our clients are Fortune 500 and 
          Global 2000 end-user organizations. These enterprise organizations 
          value our vendor-independent stance and technical architecture 
          focus, which enable technologists to make intelligent IT decisions.
Camouflage Software Inc., aids organizations in meeting their data 
          privacy and security needs. The flagship product, Camouflage®, is an 
          enterprise-wide data masking software solution designed to protect 
          personal and sensitive information while facilitating compliance 
          with privacy legislation.
Camouflage masks copies of production databases, creating realistic 
          and fully functional de-identified data. The company provides high 
          quality data for software development and implementation testing, 
          user training, data mining, and research. The software also enables 
          safer cross-border data sharing and reduces the risk associated with 
          some outsourcing opportunities.
By ensuring that sensitive data is only available to those who need 
          it, Camouflage provides the critical security that clients, 
          employees, and suppliers need.
Cloakware, an Irdeto company and part of the Naspers group, provides 
          innovative, secure, proven software technology solutions that enable 
          customers to protect business and digital assets in enterprise and 
          government markets. Cloakware Datacenter Solutions help 
          organizations meet governance, risk management and compliance (GRC) 
          objectives for privileged password management while ensuring 
          business continuity and the security of mission-critical data and IT 
          infrastructure. Protecting more than one billion deployed 
          applications, Cloakware is the security cornerstone of many of the 
          world's largest, most recognizable and technologically advanced 
          companies. www.cloakware.com. Visit us at RSA in booth #2545.
With its dedicated team of R&D engineers, Comodo designs and 
          develops next-generation Internet security solutions. Comodo 
          collaborates with industry leaders such as IBM, HP, Microsoft and 
          Intel to implement a vision of security through invention and 
          innovation. Core development areas include Certificate Services, 
          software development and design, and cryptographic research and 
          analysis.
Critical Watch is a leading provider of patented security risk 
          management and compliance solutions that enable a comprehensive 
          business process for integrating vulnerability management and 
          security configuration policy compliance across the enterprise. In 
          addition to its FusionVM suite of appliance-based and 
          Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)-based solutions, Critical Watch 
          provides PCI Compliance services as an Approved Scanning Vendor. 
          Headquartered in Dallas, Texas, Critical Watch has been deployed 
          across the U.S. and internationally through verticals such as 
          healthcare, energy, ecommerce, IT outsourcing and financial 
          services. Critical Watch has grown profitably since 2001 and is 
          recognized as an industry leader.
Cryptography Research, Inc. specializes in solving complex data 
          security problems. In addition to security evaluation and applied 
          engineering work, CRI is actively involved in long-term research and 
          technology licensing in areas including tamper resistance, content 
          protection, network security and financial services.
DeviceLock develops software that protects against data leakage and 
          device-delivered malware. Its endpoint port/device control solution 
          prevents unauthorized data transfers to or from uncontrolled 
          removable or wireless media. DeviceLock features Windows Group 
          Policy MMC integration, exceptional depth and breadth of security 
          features, low-to-zero infrastructure impact and low cost of 
          ownership.
DeviceLock has over 55,000 customers and is installed on millions of 
          computers worldwide. The company’s vast range of corporate customers 
          includes financial institutions, state and federal government 
          agencies, classified military networks, and educational 
          institutions. Organizations that need to control Plug-n-Play devices 
          and wide open Windows ports have looked to DeviceLock since 1996.
The Dot Net Factory’s EmpowerID™ 2009 is an Identity Management 
          platform built on Windows Workflow Foundation™. It features quick to 
          deploy Role Enforcer modules with workflows and web-based interfaces 
          for: multi-directory user provisioning, including support for HR, 
          ERP and custom applications; password self-service reset; group 
          management; Active Directory reporting; corporate white pages; and 
          provisioning and security for Exchange and SharePoint. EmpowerID 
          2009 ships with hundreds of pre-built workflows and is proven in 
          large multi-site installations throughout the world. Intuitive and 
          customizable Silverlight interfaces speed user adoption. EmpowerID 
          2009 deploys quickly, cuts costs, and grows easily to accommodate 
          future needs.
eEye’s Integrated Security & Threat Management software, appliances 
          and security services protect 9,000+ organizations. Blink, Retina, 
          Preview, Iris and SecureIIS detect vulnerabilities and threats, 
          prevent intrusions, protect key computing resources, including 
          endpoints, network assets, websites and web applications, providing 
          a centralized point of security management and network visibility.
Finjan, Inc. is a leader in secure web gateway products and the 
          provider of a unified web security solution for the enterprise 
          market. Crimeware, malware and data leakage are proactively 
          prevented via patented active real-time content inspection 
          technologies and optional anti-virus modules. By integrating several 
          security engines in a single dedicated appliance, Finjan’s 
          comprehensive and integrated web security solution enables quick 
          deployment, simplified management and reduction of costs. With 
          Finjan’s award-winning and widely used solutions, businesses can 
          focus on implementing web strategies to realize their full 
          organizational and commercial potential. For more information about 
          Finjan, please visit: www.finjan.com.
ForeScout is the leading provider of network access control (NAC) 
          and policy compliance management for the largest enterprise and 
          government agencies worldwide. We introduced our flagship CounterACT 
          family of products in 2005, helping to pioneer and evolve the NAC 
          industry. Our technology was developed in close partnership with our 
          customers, and is differentiated by its ability to simplify the 
          arduous tasks of access control and policy management. Today, 
          CounterACT is trusted and proven in over 500 Fortune 1000 
          enterprises and government/military agencies worldwide, where it 
          serves to enforce security-policy compliance and enable streamlined 
          business processes.
Fortify Software's Software Security Assurance solutions protect 
          companies and organizations from today's greatest security risk: the 
          software that runs their businesses. Fortify 360 from Fortify, is 
          the industry-leading integrated suite for identification, 
          remediation and prevention of vulnerabilities in software. It 
          detects over 380 types of vulnerabilities in 17 different 
          development languages.
Gigamon is the inventor and leading provider of Data-Access 
          Switches. Its flagship product, GigaVUE®, can replicate packets from 
          one span or tap to many tools to solve the span port sharing 
          problem. It also can aggregate and intelligently filter packets from 
          many spans or taps to one or multiple tools to solve the problem of 
          monitoring flows across complex mesh topologies and virtual 
          networks. GigaVUE® facilitates unobtrusive parallel tool deployment 
          with network-wide coverage, significantly reducing customers’ 
          capital budgets and yielding immediate ROI benefits. CitrusTM 
          Gigamon’s new browser based GUI will be on display at RSA.
Guardium, the database security company, delivers the most 
          widely-used solution for ensuring the integrity of enterprise data 
          and preventing information leaks from the data center.
Guardium will be showing its latest technology for real-time 
          monitoring of privileged users; identifying application-layer fraud 
          (SAP, PeopleSoft, etc.); preventing attacks such as SQL injection; 
          discovering sensitive data; identifying database vulnerabilities; 
          and automating compliance processes (sign-offs, etc.). Guardium’s 
          scalable multi-tier platform allows organizations to reduce costs 
          using automated and centralized policies for heterogeneous database 
          infrastructures.
RSA highlights: S-GATE, the only cross-DBMS solution for blocking 
          DBA access to sensitive data; new IBM platform and application 
          support.
ISE is a truly independent software security evaluation, education, 
          and design company dedicated to providing unbiased and 
          scientifically motivated approaches to improve security. We address 
          the need for increased technical security at all levels of an 
          organization. We leverage academic theory and real world experience 
          to: evaluate existing software, hardware, and network security 
          infrastructure; provide specialized education and training; design 
          and build innovative security solutions. Our clients include 
          multinational banks, Fortune 500 corporations, cellular phone and 
          semiconductor manufacturers, venture capitalists, healthcare 
          providers, e-commerce vendors, the US government, software security 
          companies and start-ups.
With over 80% of security breaches attributed to human error, no 
          amount of hardware or software can compare to individual expertise. 
          This is why a group of associations joined forces in 1989 as (ISC)2® 
          – a global not-for-profit entity known for world-class education and 
          superior credentials. Their goal? To create a unified standard for 
          the practice of information security.
(ISC)2 provides vendor-neutral products, services and credentials 
            throughout more than 135 countries. The (ISC)2 CBK® defines global 
            standards that allow professionals worldwide to discuss, debate 
            and resolve matters pertaining to the field. (ISC)2 certifications 
            are universally recognized as the Gold Standard. And the (ISC)2 
            Code of Ethics safeguards the integrity of members and the 
            professionalism of the industry.

Lieberman Software reduces internal and external security threats by 
          providing local security management for large cross-platform 
          enterprises. The company’s privileged account password management 
          and configuration management products collectively control and 
          report on all groups, users, passwords, registries, policies, 
          objects, rights, and services dispersed throughout the servers, 
          workstations, mainframes, databases, and devices in the network. By 
          automating time-intensive systems management tasks often ignored due 
          to cost and complexity, Lieberman Software increases oversight 
          control of the IT infrastructure, subsequently reducing security 
          vulnerabilities, improving productivity, minimizing system failures, 
          and ensuring regulatory compliance. The company has developed 
          solutions for the enterprise since 1994.
LogLogic® (www.loglogic.com) is the leader in log management, 
          compliance management and security management solutions designed to 
          improve accountability and lower costs for organizations of all 
          sizes. LogLogic's unique open log management platform enables 
          customers to collect, search and store 100 percent of IT log data 
          for a comprehensive fingerprint of past and current activity across 
          any organization. Powered by the industry’s leading open log 
          management platform, LogLogic's business applications correlate user 
          activities and event data in real-time for a unique integrated 
          approach to security event management, database security management 
          and compliance management with industry and government regulations.
McAfee is the world’s largest dedicated security technology company. 
          McAfee relentlessly tackles the world’s toughest security 
          challenges. With nearly 350 patents, our award-winning research team 
          and engineers develop solutions that make businesses more powerful 
          to protect their systems, networks, and data, while also helping 
          them optimize complex risk and compliance issues. At home, we help 
          consumers secure everyaspect of their digital life—PC, mobile phone, 
          and internet—with solutions that auto-update and are easy to install 
          and use.
MessageLabs, now part of Symantec, provides leading messaging and 
          web security services to businesses worldwide. Delivered across a 
          globally distributed platform at the Internet level, our full range 
          of SaaS security services ensures the integrity of electronic 
          communications, allowing clients to manage and reduce risk while 
          securing their critical infrastructure and information. With 14 data 
          centers on four continents, processing billions of messages and web 
          requests every day, the MessageLabs services provide clients with 
          reassurance and security at a low, predictable cost.
Modulo is a market leader for IT Governance, Risk and Compliance 
          management. With a highly experienced and up-to-date fully certified 
          staff, Modulo has conducted more than 5,000 IT GRC projects, many of 
          which still considered innovative worldwide.
Modulo’s continuous concern with excellence and quality standards 
          has resulted in two important achievements; first, it became the 
          pioneer Information Security company to obtain the ISO 27001 – the 
          International Information Security Management standard. It also 
          received certification for the ISO 9001 quality standard, and has 
          been recertified since 1998.
Modulo’s recent honours include: Hot Company 2009, Global Excellence 
          Customer Trust Award 2008 (Excellence in Auditing) and 2009 
          (Excellence in Security Audit), and The Network Products Guide 2008 
          Product Innovation Award, important recognition that validates 
          Modulo’s commitment.
Motorola AirDefense is the market leader in anywhere, anytime 
          wireless security. Motorola AirDefense security products provide the 
          most advanced solutions for rogue wireless detection, advanced 
          troubleshooting, policy enforcement and intrusion prevention, both 
          inside and outside an organization's physical locations and wired 
          networks. Common Criteria-certified, Motorola AirDefense 
          enterprise-class products scale to support single offices as well as 
          organizations with hundreds of locations around the globe. Founded 
          in 2001 and acquired by Motorola in 2008, the company serves over 
          700 blue chip corporations and government agencies while still 
          remaining vendor agnostic to work in tandem with existing WLAN 
          products in the market today.
Netronome is a leading developer of highly programmable 
            semiconductors for intelligent flow processing in network and 
            communications equipment. Netronome’s solutions include network 
            flow processors and acceleration cards scaling to more than 
            20Gbps. They are used in carrierÿgrade and enterprise class 
            communications products that require deep packet inspection, flow 
            analysis, content processing, virtualization and security. 
            Netronome’s Network Flow Processors deliver high-performance 
            packet processing with intelligence, security and virtualization. 
            They are powered by 40 programmable networking cores delivering 
            over 1500 instructions and 50 flow operations per packet at 30 
            million pps, enabling 20Gbps of L2-L7 processing with line-rate 
            security and I/O virtualization for millions of flows.
Ohanae® has redefined the ultimate solution for securing user online 
          experience and the security of personal information. State of the 
          art privacy safeguards, coupled with vigilant identify theft 
          prevention; combine to effectively block the misuse of confidential 
          data. Securworkplace™ generates strong password on-the-fly, 
          intercept and neutralize phishing and key logging attacks, encrypt 
          the working sessions, then employ an endpoint sanitization system to 
          rigorously monitor user interactions and to protect the operating 
          environment. The system deletes all session footprints after the 
          session is ended. Files saved during the session in the designated 
          volume are encrypted and hidden to prevent unauthorized access.
Founded in 2002, OPSWAT (www.opswat.com) provides software engineers 
          and IT pros with software development tools and data services to 
          power manageability and security solutions. The company OPSWAT, Inc. 
          also founded OESISOK™, an open industry-wide certification program 
          that verifies the interoperability of endpoint security applications 
          with products from market-leading technology vendors. The free “Am I 
          OESISOK?” Utility hosted on www.oesisok.com enables end users to 
          assess the interoperability and quality level of their endpoint 
          applications.
Patrick Townsend Security Solutions specializes in key management, 
          data encryption, and secure communications. Enterprises around the 
          globe rely on us to keep their sensitive data safe for data at rest 
          and in motion. As these industries and their security needs evolve – 
          whether in response to new technologies, hackers, or government 
          regulations – we continue to develop solutions that meet their data 
          security requirements.
PKWARE, Inc., a market and technology leader providing data-centric, 
          cross-platform security solutions, is the creator and continuing 
          innovator of the ZIP standard. PKWARE’s SecureZIP family of products 
          are used by over 30,000 distinct corporate entities to ensure the 
          security and portability of data internally, as well as with 
          partners, across all major platforms. Hundreds of global 
          organizations in financial services, banking, retail, healthcare, 
          government, and manufacturing use PKWARE services daily. PKWARE 
          products provide unmatched scalability, making them the most 
          cost-effective means of securing data and complying with industry 
          regulations. PKWARE, a privately held company, is based in 
          Milwaukee, WI with additional offices in New York and the United 
          Kingdom.
PreEmptive Solutions provides application security, monitoring and 
          lifecycle management solutions for .NET and Java. Our security 
          solutions and cloud services harden applications, inject runtime 
          defenses, automate application portfolio management policies, and 
          provide near real-time application monitoring services.
At RSA 2009, we announce the immediate availability of DashO V5 – 
          extending many of these services to the Java platform for the very 
          first time.
With over 3,000 clients and software on over 6,000,000 desktops, 
          PreEmptive Solutions is recognized as one of today's most trusted 
          and widely deployed application security and management solution 
          providers. For more information, visit booth 856 or email 
          solutions@preemptive.com.
Get to One - One identity. The Quest One Identity Solution 
          simplifies identity and access management by reducing the number of 
          identities, automating identity administration, ensuring the 
          security of identities, and basing identity management on existing 
          investments. Quest One improves efficiency, enhances security and 
          ensures compliance throughout your heterogeneous infrastructure.
Rapid7 is a leader in vulnerability management and compliance, 
          delivering a single, unified solution across an organization’s 
          entire infrastructure. Rapid7 NeXpose is the only solution that 
          provides in-depth coverage of vital Web and database systems and is 
          relied upon by organizations including Black & Decker, Florida State 
          University, the New York Times, and the City of Philadelphia. Visit 
          Rapid7 in booth #356 to learn more about the Company, discuss how to 
          mitigate risk and remain compliant, and see firsthand how NeXpose 
          can scan Web applications, databases, operating systems and network 
          devices all in a single system. For more information, visit 
          www.rapid7.com.
Red Condor is revolutionizing spam fighting with award-winning 
          technology. The company's accurate email filter, true hybrid 
          architecture Vx Technology(tm), and fully managed appliances lead to 
          a dramatic reduction in the total cost of owning a premium spam 
          filter. With solutions for small and medium-sized business and ISPs 
          with millions of email inboxes, Red Condor offers cost-effective, 
          time-saving solutions that are rapidly gaining market share. Red 
          Condor's proprietary system has built-in zero tolerance for lost 
          email and a near zero false-positive rate while achieving long-term 
          spam block rates greater than 99%. For more information, visit 
          www.redcondor.com.
RedSeal Systems is the leading provider of security analytics 
          solutions-decision support systems for optimizing defensive posture 
          ahead of the next attack. RedSeal discovers and analyzes 
          network-wide access and exposure to deliver an in-depth 
          understanding of overall security posture, actionable steps for risk 
          remediation and metrics to demonstrate progress. By bridging 
          organizational silos and evaluating the entire computing 
          infrastructure, RedSeal enables enterprises to effectively secure 
          critical business assets, maintain regulatory compliance and gain 
          the greatest benefit from existing security spending. More 
          information can be found at www.redseal.net.
Safend is a leading provider of endpoint data protection solutions 
          that guards against corporate data loss by offering comprehensive 
          solutions for data encryption and port and device control. The 
          Safend Data Protection Suite encrypts internal and external hard 
          drives, removable storage and CD/DVDs and provides granular port and 
          device control over all physical, wireless and removable media 
          devices. Safend ensures compliance with HIPAA, PCI, SOX, BASEL II 
          and other regulatory data security and privacy standards. Safend 
          solutions are deployed by multinational enterprises, government 
          agencies and small to mid-size companies across the globe.
With over 2,000 clients, SecureWorks is one of the market's leading 
          Security as a Service providers. Organizations are protected from 
          external and internal cyber-threats through SecureWorks' On-Demand 
          Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) platform, the 
          SecureWorks Counter Threat UnitSM and three fully synchronous 
          Security Operations Centers (SOCs) staffed with SANS GIAC certified 
          analysts working 24x7 to safeguard client systems. SecureWorks has 
          won SC Magazine's "Best Managed Security Service" award for 2006, 
          2007 & 2008 and has been named to the Inc. 500, Inc. 5000 and 
          Deloitte lists of fastest-growing companies. www.secureworks.com.
Security Mentor provides web-based security awareness training. 
          Security Mentor's innovative training is designed for how people 
          learn and work. Engaging, interactive, rich media lessons are brief, 
          frequent, and focused. Eight-minute lessons fit busy schedules. 
          Weekly training keeps security top of mind. Single topic lessons are 
          easy to learn. Register to see a demo at www.securitymentor.com
Shavlik Technologies simplifies and automates critical to manage IT 
          operations, enabling organizations to reduce their spend -- less 
          time, less money, less IT staff -- on necessary functions including 
          system discovery, application control, patch management, and 
          configuration management. Shavlik's easy-to-implement solution means 
          that in a matter of hours, not weeks or months, you'll be ready to 
          identify gaps and automatically and reliably fix systems that are 
          missing patches or don't conform with the corporate-defined 
          configuration baseline. Shavlik’s unique approach to simplifying and 
          automating management of the platform frees up IT staff for 
          initiatives that grow your business.
Sophos enables enterprises all over the world to secure and control 
          their IT infrastructure. Sophos's network access control, endpoint, 
          web and email solutions simplify security to provide integrated 
          defenses against malware, spyware, intrusions, unwanted 
          applications, spam, policy abuse, data leakage and compliance drift. 
          With over 20 years of experience, Sophos protects over 100 million 
          users in nearly 150 countries with its reliably engineered security 
          solutions and services. Recognized for its high level of customer 
          satisfaction and powerful yet easy-to-use solutions, Sophos has 
          received many industry awards, as well as positive reviews and 
          certifications.
Splunk is the IT Search company radically changing the way 
          organizations manage IT infrastructures. Only Splunk enables you to 
          search, analyze, monitor and report on data from any application, 
          server or network device in real time to troubleshoot application 
          outages, investigate security incidents, meet compliance 
          requirements, and more, in minutes instead of hours or days. Over 
          900 enterprises, government organizations and service providers, and 
          more than 300,000 users, use Splunk to achieve higher availability, 
          investigate security incidents, and realize new levels of IT 
          operational efficiency. Download your own free copy of Splunk today 
          at http://www.splunk.com.
ST Electronics (Info-Security), is a leading info-security company 
          offering digital watermarking solutions, hardware-based disk 
          encryption solutions, USB authentication tokens for access control, 
          and hardware encryption devices for securing phone, fax and IP 
          networks.
We adopt a technology-centric and an innovation-centric culture in 
          developing the DigiSAFE brand of products and promise to meet the 
          infocomm security needs of the day.
Stonesoft delivers proven, innovative solutions that simplify 
          network security management for complex network environments. The 
          award-winning StoneGate Platform unifies firewall, VPN, IPS and SSL 
          VPN solutions, blending integrated threat management, end-to-end 
          high availability and network optimization, into a centrally 
          controlled system. As a result, Stonesoft provides an unparalleled 
          level of proactive security, always-on connectivity and compliance 
          at the lowest total cost of ownership on the market today. 
          Introduced at RSA 2009, Stonesoft’s StoneGate 5.0, the first network 
          security platform to manage physical and virtual environments as 
          well as third-party device events. Demos available at booth 2108.
SyferLock Technology delivers a family of patented products which 
          offer a paradigm shifting approach to next generation One Time 
          Passwords (OTPs) for access to computers, networks and the internet. 
          SyferLock’s enhanced authentication methodology and system provides 
          device-less OTPs, allowing a simple, more secure way to access 
          information while leveraging existing passwords. Static passwords 
          are used in almost all authentications, and although other factors 
          are added, the weak first factor has been left “as is”. SyferLock 
          fixes the weak link without the need of any additional hardware or 
          client-side software - allowing the same security no matter where 
          users log in.
Syphan Technologies is a specialist developer of carrier grade, 
          Integrated Threat Control technology enabling service providers to 
          deliver scalable and cost effective security solutions in the cloud. 
          Built on an innovative FPGA-technology platform, Syphan offers the 
          first true 10G total packet-inspection engine covering IDS/IPS, 
          content filtering, distributed denial of service, data leakage and 
          complex multi-staged stealth attacks without latency. With a 
          benchmark 40 Gb/s aggregate wire-speed throughput per device backed 
          by integrated clustering support, Syphan provides the platform for a 
          new breed of innovative Security-as a-Service applications and 
          high-preformance enterprise network protection.
Tenable has pioneered and continues to innovate a unique Unified 
          Security Monitoring approach that is revolutionizing the way 
          enterprises are monitoring (i.e. gathering, evaluating, 
          communicating, and reporting) security and compliance information. 
          Tenable Network Security is the pioneer and leader of Unified 
          Security Monitoring.
Tenable Network Security provides a suite of solutions that unify 
          real-time vulnerability, event and compliance monitoring into a 
          single, role-based, interface for administrators, auditors and risk 
          managers to evaluate, communicate and report needed information for 
          effective decision making and systems management.
Trend Micro, a global leader in Internet content security, focuses 
          on securing the exchange of digital information for businesses and 
          consumers. A pioneer and industry vanguard, Trend Micro is advancing 
          integrated threat management technology to protect operational 
          continuity, personal information, and property from malware, spam, 
          data leaks and the newest Web threats. Its flexible solutions, 
          available in multiple form factors, are supported 24/7 by threat 
          intelligence experts around the globe. A transnational company, with 
          headquarters in Tokyo, Trend Micro's trusted security solutions are 
          sold through its business partners worldwide. For additional 
          information, please visit www.trendmicro.com
Unisys is a worldwide information technology company that 
          specializes in helping commercial organizations and government 
          agencies secure their operations, increase the efficiency and 
          utilization of their data centers and modernize their enterprise 
          applications. Unisys security solutions enable clients to measurably 
          improve their security position by creating the visibility needed to 
          make security an integral part of business operations. Unisys helps 
          clients identify key threats and business risks and define risk 
          management priorities, articulate links between business goals and 
          security activities, and identify the process, technology and 
          competency components that fit their business networks and systems. 
          For more information, visit www.unisys.com.
V.i. Labs is the first company to offer Anti-Piracy and Software 
          Protection solutions that enable companies to recover revenue and 
          protect their software intellectual property by detecting, reporting 
          and preventing the misuse of their applications. Its patented 
          CodeArmor® platform allows software vendors and enterprise 
          organizations to harden their applications against theft and 
          tampering, and to gain business intelligence on the unlicensed use 
          of their software to uncover new revenue streams. V.i. Labs is 
          headquartered in Waltham, Mass.
Xceedium is the premier provider of solutions that reduce the 
          complexity and cost of controlling and tracking high-risk users. 
          Employing unique and patent-pending technologies, the Xceedium 
          GateKeeper™ delivers restrictive access, compartmentalization, 
          containment of users to authorized areas, monitoring, tracking, 
          recording and comprehensive reporting to meet compliance 
          requirements. Companies gain the ability to securely administer 
          remote infrastructure, control vendor access, automate compliance 
          and manage outsourcing risk.
Xceedium GateKeeper is deployed in the largest enterprise and 
          government environments, including healthcare, pharmaceutical, 
          financial services, retail and MSPs. Xceedium has recently earned 
          recognition by Forrester as a “Hot Company to Watch”, by Gartner as 
          a “Cool Vendor in Infrastructure Protection 2009”, and by Red 
          Herring as a “Top 100 Global Company."
Zecurion is an award-winning, global enterprise security company 
          that fights insider threats at multiple levels by protecting storage 
          media devices, email and peripherals. With over 5,000 deployments 
          worldwide, Zecurion enables IT departments to protect their systems 
          before any such theft occurs by creating a "locked vault" - 
          preventing employees from stealing valuable intellectual property, 
          confidential and proprietary information, or business intelligence. 
          Zecurion allows IT departments to take a holistic view of enterprise 
          security while delivering much needed tools and resources required 
          to secure business-critical data where it is most vulnerable, inside 
          the network. Product line includes Zserver Suite, Zlock and Zgate.
Zscaler services enable any end user, from any place, using any 
          device a rich Internet experience while enforcing security and 
          business policy. We deliver this service using our Global Cloud 
          Infrastructure. Rather than buying appliances, we have a new 
          on-demand business model, whereby customers pay a subscription fee. 
          Our cloud service is built upon ground-breaking, high-performance 
          technology that eliminates latency. Zscaler reduces risk, lowers 
          cost, improves resource utilization and simplifies IT administration.
