AccessData has pioneered digital investigations for twenty years, 
            providing the technology and training that empower law 
            enforcement, government agencies and corporations to perform 
            thorough computer investigations with speed and efficiency. 
            Recognized throughout the world as an industry leader, AccessData 
            delivers state-of-the-art password cracking, decryption and 
            computer forensic solutions. AccessData's Forensic Toolkit® 
            and enterprise investigative solutions enable organizations to 
            preview, search for, analyze, process and forensically preserve 
            electronic evidence for the purposes of criminal investigations, 
            internal investigations, incident response and eDiscovery. 
            AccessData is also a leading provider of digital forensics 
            training and certification with its much sought after AccessData 
            Certified Examiners (ACE) program. For more information on 
            AccessData visit www.accessdata.com
AEP Networks offers a comprehensive Policy Networking solution that 
          provides complete security starting at the endpoints and working 
          throughout a network – from the edge to 
          the core. AEP’s integrated portfolio of 
          security products includes identity-based network and resource 
          access control, SSL VPNs, high assurance IPSec-based VPN encryptors, 
          and hardware security modules for key management. Our products, 
          assured to CAPS, DIPCOG, CCTM and FIPS standards, address the most 
          demanding security requirements of public-sector organizations and 
          commercial enterprises internationally. The company’s 
          main office is in Somerset, New Jersey, USA, with European 
          headquarters in Hemel Hempstead, UK.
AMAX is ISO-9001:2000 certified custom computer manufacturer and the 
          # 1 Storage and Server leader in North America. We deliver solutions 
          to OEMs in the security, semi-conductor, telecommunications, 
          appliance, entertainment, medical, printing, bio-chemical, banking, 
          & computer industries. Our customized solutions include server & 
          storage appliances, workstations, & storage subsystems.
AMAX also provides comprehensive Contract Manufacturing solutions, 
          from design prototyping such as customized chassis and system 
          hardware design to full-volume manufacturing, quality assurance, 
          precise revision control, global logistics, and worldwide support. 
          We work closely with our OEM customers to implement solutions that 
          will give them a competitive edge in the marketplace.
Application Security, Inc. (www.appsecinc.com) is the leading global 
          provider of database security solutions for the enterprise. 
          Application Security, Inc.’s products – 
          the industry’s only complete database 
          security solution – proactively secure 
          databases in the most demanding environments around the world. 
          Application Security, Inc. delivers up-to-date database protection 
          that minimizes risk and allows organizations to confidently connect 
          with customers, partners and suppliers. DbProtect is installed and 
          deployed at more than 1,000 enterprises globally, grounding security 
          and compliance efforts where sensitive data lives -- in the 
          database. The company was named to Inc. Magazine’s 
          2007 list of America’s Fastest Growing 
          Private Companies (Inc. 500).
Archer Technologies delivers automated enterprise risk and 
          compliance solutions. With more than four million licensed users and 
          a client list that includes one in five of the Fortune 100, Archer 
          enables companies to reduce enterprise risks, manage and demonstrate 
          compliance, automate business processes, and gain visibility into 
          corporate risk and security controls.
All Archer solutions are built on the Archer SmartSuite Framework, 
          allowing clients to fully tailor the solutions and build new, 
          on-demand applications. Clients maximize their use of the Framework 
          through Archer’s ecosystem of tools and 
          services, including the Archer Exchange and Archer Community. For 
          more information, visit www.archer-tech.com.
Arcot Systems is a leading provider of risk-based authentication, 
          strong authentication, digital signing and cardholder authentication 
          solutions. The company makes online transactions safe for millions 
          of customers by blocking fraud and protecting access. Arcot 
          technology defends against Internet threats including phishing, 
          man-in-the-middle, and spyware. Its software-only authentication 
          solutions eliminate the need for hardware tokens and complex login 
          processes providing customers with strong, PKI-based authentication 
          with the simplicity of a username/password interface. Arcot 
          offerings are compliant with U.S. and international standards 
          including SAML, OpenID, 3-D Secure, IdenTrust, SAFE and FFIEC 
          Internet Banking Authentication recommendations. For more 
          information, visit http://www.arcot.com.
Armorize Technologies provides next-generation Web Application 
          Security Solutions traversing the System Development Life Cycle 
          (SDLC).
From static source code analysis (CodeSecure™) 
          to real time web application protection (SmartWAF™) 
          and malicious code detection (HackAlert™), 
          Armorize Technologies' award-winning solutions are the culmination 
          of years of research and innovation.
Armorize offers integrated security solutions designed to streamline 
          security practices. Our customers include major government and 
          multinational organizations across the globe.
The team is composed of internationally acclaimed security veterans 
          from Canada, France, Germany, India, Ireland, New Zealand, South 
          Africa, Sweden, Taiwan, United Kingdom and the U.S.A.
Atmel® Corporation, founded in 1984, is a 
          worldwide leader in the design and manufacture of microcontrollers, 
          mixed-signal, nonvolatile memory and radio frequency (RF) silicon 
          chips. Leveraging one of the industry's broadest intellectual 
          property (IP) portfolios, Atmel provides electronics systems and 
          device manufacturers with complete system solutions. This level of 
          service to the industry enables Atmel’s 
          customers to lead the markets they serve with electronic products 
          that are smaller, smarter, cost-effective and versatile than ever 
          before. By focusing on high-growth electronic-equipment markets 
          across the spectrum of applications: consumer communications, 
          computer/network, security, industrial, automotive, as its slogan 
          states, the company is “Everywhere You Are®.”
Founded in 1997, BigFix offers the only next generation, converged 
          IT management and security platform that enables real-time 
          visibility and control of globally distributed desktop, mobile, and 
          server computers. BigFix enables large-scale enterprises to 
          continuously enforce IT security, IT policy compliance, and systems 
          management on all computers, anytime, anywhere. Designed for highly 
          distributed, complex IT infrastructures, BigFix delivers real-time 
          endpoint visibility and control through its single-agent, 
          multi-function, on-demand architecture. Its award-winning technology 
          is proven in production at more than 600 companies, government 
          agencies, and public sector institutions worldwide, and currently 
          manages over 7,000,000 desktop and mobile clients, workstations, and 
          servers.
Brazil has long been the hidden jewel in the IT world. Recently, 
          however, it has been making several efforts to step up worldwide 
          awareness that the country is a key player and does have some unique 
          competitive advantages: from a diversified experienced workforce in 
          the several different development platforms and applications to the “fit 
          in – understand all” 
          type of cultural background, a trait considered today as a key 
          element for successful project development and problem solving in 
          the world of outsourcing , risk management and information security, 
          and identity access and PKI management space.
CA provides software solutions to unify and simplify™ 
          IT management. CA’s Enterprise IT 
          Management (EITM) vision and expertise helps enable organizations to 
          effectively govern, manage and secure IT to optimize business 
          performance and sustain competitive advantage. CA security software 
          is designed to protect and manage identity lifecycles of employees, 
          partners and customers; protect data and corporate resources; secure 
          and enable your Web business; protect against attacks; and 
          centralize security information to help reduce associated risks and 
          costs. With CA security software, you know who can access what, what 
          is happening in the IT environment and what to do about it.
Centrify DirectControl delivers secure access control and 
          centralized identity management by seamlessly integrating your UNIX, 
          Linux, Mac, web and database platforms with Microsoft Active 
          Directory. DirectControl effectively turns a non-Microsoft system 
          into an Active Directory client, enabling you to secure that system 
          using the same authentication, authorization and Group Policy 
          services currently deployed for your Windows systems. DirectControl 
          is non-intrusive, easy to deploy and manage, and is the only 
          solution that enables fine-grained access control through its unique 
          Zone technology.
Cenzic is the next-generation Web application security assessment 
          and risk management solutions leader. The Cenzic suite of 
          application security solutions fits the need of any company from 
          remote, Software as a Service (ClickToSecure®), 
          for testing one or more applications, to a full enterprise-wide 
          solution (Cenzic Hailstorm® Enterprise 
          ARC) for effectively managing application security risks across an 
          enterprise. Always an innovator, Cenzic has integrated Hailstorm 
          with VMware to enable testing of production Web applications through 
          virtualization. Cenzic solutions, are the most accurate, 
          comprehensive and extensible in the industry, empowering 
          organizations to stay on top of unrelenting application security 
          threats.
Corsec Security, Inc. specializes in helping companies navigate 
          through the complex process of receiving FIPS 140 and Common 
          Criteria (CC) certifications. Corsec’s 
          consulting, document creation, and project management services 
          deliver unmatched expertise in achieving government validation 
          efforts at a firm, fixed price. Corsec partners with companies 
          around the world to achieve local and international certification 
          and to add security functionality to a wide range of products. 
          Corsec minimizes the time, effort and money a vendor needs to invest 
          in validation while ultimately maximizing the return on that 
          investment. For further information, please visit www.corsec.com.
Since 1999, CrossTec's Activeworx brand security tools have been 
          downloaded more than 100,000 times. Activeworx Enterprise (AE) v4.5 
          is an enterprise level, high performance, cost-effective security 
          information and event management (SIEM) and log management solution. 
          AE provides real-time security device log monitoring with correlated 
          alerts, management and compliance reports, tools for in-depth 
          forensic analysis and long term data retention. CrossTec's mission 
          is to protect organizations by reducing the time it takes to analyze 
          massive amounts of event log data from multiple devices and vendors, 
          produce real-time alerts and reports on network security breaches 
          and to give companies the capability to meet compliance regulations.
Damballa protects businesses from targeted attacks used for 
          organized, online crime. Our unique, global approach rapidly 
          isolates the command-and-control needed to launch multi-network 
          attacks. These signatureless solutions improve security both inside 
          and outside the network perimeter, to stop threats other 
          technologies miss and restore control to legitimate owners. Damballa 
          identifies the severity and intent of targeted attacks such as 
          BotArmies, even when malware can’t be 
          detected. These products and services provide a critical window for 
          orderly remediation, and integrate easily into existing 
          infrastructure without requiring additional headcount or complexity. 
          Damballa is privately held, and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.
DataGuise introduces DgGuard™ industry’s 
          first real-time data masking solution for databases that disguises 
          data in real-time while being accessed by users and applications. 
          This advanced data security solution helps meet compliance 
          requirements such as PCI, SOX, and HIPAA by enforcing strict data 
          security controls in production and non-production environments. 
          DataGuise dgMasker™ offers advanced data 
          masking capability for files and databases that enables referential 
          integrity and role separation, supports extreme environments and 
          automates the process to minimize efforts. Enterprises that want 
          realistic test data should look at DgGenerator™ 
          that provides a scalable and automated solution to support any 
          application-testing requirement.
DigitalPersona is the leading provider of fingerprint authentication 
          solutions for enterprise networks, developers and consumer OEMs. 
          Founded in 1996, the company designs, manufactures and sells 
          flexible solutions that make it possible for businesses to implement 
          strong security policies in ways that users happily embrace. 
          Business users and consumers alike enjoy DigitalPersona’s 
          software because it eliminates the pain of remembering and typing 
          passwords or dealing with tokens – making 
          the Internet, applications and computers more convenient. 
          DigitalPersona’s award-winning technology 
          is used worldwide by over 90 million people in the most diverse and 
          challenging environments.
eEye Digital Security is pioneering a new class of security 
          products: integrated threat management. This next-generation of 
          security detects vulnerabilities and threats, prevents intrusions, 
          protects enterprise’s key computing 
          resources, from endpoints and network assets to web sites and web 
          applications, while providing a centralized point of security 
          management and network visibility. eEye’s 
          research team is consistently first to identify new threats in the 
          wild, with products that leverage and make network security easy to 
          use and reliable. Founded in 1998, eEye protects more than 9,000 
          corporate and government organizations worldwide, including half of 
          the Fortune 100. For information visit www.eEye.com.
F5 Networks is the global leader in Application Delivery Networking. 
          F5 provides solutions that make applications secure, fast, and 
          available for everyone. By adding intelligence and manageability 
          into the network to offload applications and optimize the data 
          storage layer, F5 extends the power of intelligent networking to all 
          levels of application delivery. F5’s 
          extensible architecture intelligently integrates application 
          optimization, protects the application and the network, and delivers 
          application reliability. Over 16,000 organizations and service 
          providers worldwide trust F5 to keep their applications running. The 
          company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington with offices 
          worldwide. For more information, go to www.f5.com.
Finjan, Inc. is a leading provider of secure web gateway solutions 
          for the enterprise market.
Finjan's award-winning Vital Security™ 
          Web appliances utilize its patented active real-time content 
          inspection technology to prevent Crimeware and malicious Web 2.0 
          content from infiltrating corporate networks and stealing business 
          data. Finjan’s active real-time security 
          technology detects and blocks inbound and outbound malicious 
          content, also when hiding in SSL-traffic, based on the code’s 
          intended criminal action, without using signatures, URLs or 
          reputation attributes. By preventing Crimeware and targeted attacks 
          that often bypass other solutions, Finjan enables companies to 
          safeguard their valuable corporate and customer information.
Foundry Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: FDRY) is a leading provider of 
          high-performance enterprise and service provider switching, routing, 
          security and Web traffic management solutions, including Layer 2/3 
          LAN switches, Layer 3 Backbone switches, Layer 4-7 application 
          switches, wireless LAN and access points, metro and core routers. 
          Foundry's customers include the world's premier ISPs, metro service 
          providers, and enterprises, including e-commerce sites, 
          universities, entertainment, health and wellness, government, 
          financial and manufacturing companies. For more information about 
          the company and its products, call 1.888.TURBOLAN or visit 
          www.foundrynet.com
ForeScout’s clientless network access 
          control (NAC) solutions enable customers to gain complete control 
          over network security without disrupting end-user productivity. 
          ForeScout’s CounterACT combines NAC and 
          signature-less intrusion prevention in a single network appliance 
          that interrogates and controls access of every device and seamlessly 
          integrates with any existing IT infrastructure. ForeScout’s 
          NAC is completely transparent and enables enterprises to tailor 
          enforcement to match the level of policy violations, eliminating 
          disruptions during device interrogation.
GigaTrust, a leader in Enterprise Rights Management, builds 
          solutions that embrace and extend Microsoft Windows Rights 
          Management Services (RMS). GigaTrust provides tools to provision 
          external parties, track system activity, automate policy enforcement 
          and support files formats such as PDF, HTML and others and extends 
          full RMS capabilities to BlackBerry devices.
GO-Trust Inc. creates smart card chip based security 
            infrastructure for use in off-the-shelf mobile devices like 
            phones, PDA’s and laptops. The newest 
            product range, being launched at the RSA Conference, is the 
            GO-Trust SD Solution which enables security chips and security 
            solutions to be built in SD standard, mini or even micro memory 
            modules. Trusted security solutions for people on the GO.
InfoGard provides independent, trusted, third party IT security and 
          assurance assessment services to government, financial, high tech, 
          postal, and private sector organizations worldwide. We are a 
          federally accredited lab specializing in:
Innovative Card Technologies (INVC: NASDAQ) is the developer of the 
          ICT DisplayCard, a breakthrough authentication solution for 
          electronic banking, buying, and data systems access. The card 
          contains an operating system that powers an embedded display. At the 
          push of a button, a one-time password appears on the display. The 
          ICT DisplayCard is in five live deployments by financial 
          institutions and enterprises in the US and internationally; cards 
          for six more deployments are in production for delivery in Q2 2008. 
          Visit booth #2351 or the OATH pavilion to see the ICT DisplayCard in 
          action.
Inspekt Security offers a hosted network monitoring solution 
          (InspektOne) for small and medium enterprises, who struggle with the 
          complexity of security monitoring and log management. InspektOne 
          generates a prioritized list of security events and provides 
          intuitively visual aids to navigate and analyze them. The solution 
          differs from traditional rule-based systems by using machine 
          learning technology, which adapts to the network, identifies unusual 
          activities, and can detect previously unknown threats. As a hosted 
          solution InspektOne offers easy deployment and can be bundled with a 
          monitoring service from Inspekt Services - for a completely 
          out-sourced security solution.
Interface Masters Technologies is an industry leader and innovator 
          in networking solutions. Interface Masters Technologies' flagship 
          product lines include internal, external and intelligent Network 
          bypass and failover systems that are targeted to increase the 
          network reliability and availability of inline networking 
          appliances. The company offers a variety of more than 70 products 
          based on Ethernet, Gigabit Ethernet, copper and fibber-optic, 
          specifically targeted at the critical IT sector requiring Security, 
          UTM systems, Storage Area Networks (SAN), Intrusion Detection & 
          Prevention and WAN Acceleration appliances. Company Headquarters is 
          in San Jose, California with offices in Hong Kong, Germany and UK.
Lancope’s StealthWatch System is the most 
          widely used network behavior analysis (NBA) and response solution 
          that unifies flow-based anomaly detection and network performance 
          monitoring. By leveraging NetFlow, sFlow and native flow capture to 
          deliver end-to-end network visibility across the enterprise, 
          StealthWatch streamlines security and network operations into one 
          process, reduces time and resources, and eliminates cost and 
          complexity associated with non-integrated point products. Also, 
          Lancope’s recently introduced NEL Gateway 
          appliance is the first and only solution to support NetFlow Event 
          Logging from Cisco ASR 1000 Routers. For more information, call 
          888-419-1462 or 1-770-225-6500 or visit www.lancope.com.
LSI Corporation (NYSE: LSI) is a leading provider of innovative 
          silicon, systems and software technologies that enable products, 
          which seamlessly bring people, information and digital content 
          together. The company offers a broad portfolio of capabilities and 
          services including custom and standard product ICs, adapters, 
          systems and software that are trusted by the world's best known 
          brands to power leading solutions in the Storage and Networking 
          markets. More information is available at www.lsi.com.
Lumeta provides large enterprises and government agencies with the 
          global visibility needed to quantify network risk and measure the 
          impact of network change on security availability, and compliance. 
          Our network assurance solutions enable IT organizations to deploy 
          new business services, maintain existing service levels and minimize 
          network security risk to ensure compliant operations. Lumeta’s 
          flagship product, IPsonar, is the industry’s 
          only solution that allows organizations to visualize and measure 
          risk from a global network perspective. IPsonar enables network and 
          security teams to bring unknown assets under management and 
          eliminate unwanted connectivity, while deploying security technology 
          more effectively to ensure compliance.
Magensa™ provides ASP decryption and 
          authentication services that allow retailers to quickly implement 
          PCI-DSS compliant payment systems at both POS retail locations and 
          e-commerce websites. Magensa’s solutions 
          utilize Secure Magstripe Reader technology that provides data 
          encryption to protect cardholder data per PCI-DSS, MagnePrint card 
          authentication technology to prevent the use of counterfeit 
          (skimmed) cards, and FFIEC token-based multifactor authentication 
          for secure access to online merchant accounts. Magensa’s 
          solutions provide retailers with simplified PCI-DSS compliance, and 
          can be implemented without the need for substantial investment or 
          changes to the retailers’ existing 
          payment processing infrastructure. For more information, please 
          contact Magensa at 877-624-3672.
MicroWorld Technologies is an advanced security solution provider 
          specializing in AntiVirus, AntiSpam, Content Security and Network 
          Intrusion Prevention solutions. Incorporated in New Jersey, USA - 
          MicroWorld has offices in USA, India, Germany, Malaysia and South 
          Africa, as well as a powerful network of more than 14,000 partners 
          and resellers around the globe.
The key products from MicroWorld are eScan, MailScan, X-Spam and 
            eConceal. MicroWorld's products have passed several rigorous tests 
            conducted by reputed and independent evaluators of the security 
            industry like Virus Bulletin, Checkmark, AV-Comparatives, and have 
            won several awards for its superior performance.
Website : http://www.mwti.net
Mirapoint Software is the market leader in appliance-based solutions 
          for secure message networks in enterprise, service provider, and 
          education organizations, with more than 120 million mailboxes served 
          and secured worldwide. Customers use Mirapoint appliances to build 
          the messaging infrastructure that intelligently serves, secures and 
          manages email.
At RSA, the company will introduce Mirapoint Reputation Hurdle™, 
          which provides an additional defense layer to the RazorGate security 
          appliance designed to protect businesses from illicit Internet 
          activity. With Mirapoint’s Reputation 
          Hurdle, RazorGate offers the industry’s 
          most comprehensive antispam solution. Together Mirapoint’s 
          Message Server, RazorGate and Razorsafe, offers enterprises a 
          complete secure messaging infrastructure.
MIT Lincoln Laboratory has pioneered in advanced electronics since 
          its origin in 1951 as a Federally Funded Research and Development 
          Center of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The Laboratory's fundamental mission is to apply science and 
          advanced technology to critical problems of national security. The 
          scope of the problems has broadened from initial emphasis on air 
          defense to include communications, space surveillance, missile 
          defense, tactical surveillance systems, air traffic control as well 
          as air defense. Throughout its history, the Laboratory has had 
          extensive programs in advanced electronics technology which has led 
          to major advances across the breadth of its programs.
Mobile Armor delivers a centrally-managed, scalable solution for 
          Enterprise Mobile Data Security. The Mobile Armor data security 
          solution provides full protection for critical information such as 
          financial, medical, business confidential or government data. Mobile 
          Armor’s patented products, featuring a 
          cryptographic engine paired with strong pre-access authentication, 
          ensure data on a lost or stolen device is not accessible to 
          unauthorized users.
Mobile Armor’s cross-platform products 
          allow management and auditing of data security regardless of the 
          platform where the data resides. The scalable management system 
          means data security can be easily deployed and maintained on devices 
          ranging from laptops to smart phones.
NCP Engineering, is a manufacturer of software solutions for 
          high-security company communication over public networks and the 
          internet. NCP’s core competencies lie in 
          the areas of remote access, IP routing, VPN and firewall 
          technologies, identity and access management (IAM), network access 
          control (NAC) as well as strong authentication and integration of 
          PKI infrastructures. With national and international marketing, NCP 
          collaborates with technology and OEM partners, as well as sales via 
          system houses, distributors and resellers. Large and 
          intermediate-sized industrial enterprises of all economic sectors, 
          banks, insurers and public authorities are all in our circle of 
          customers.
Netronome’s SSL Inspector™, 
          the industry’s highest-performance 
          transparent SSL proxy, provides security appliances with visibility 
          into decrypted SSL flows and significantly increases application 
          performance while removing costly user/network configuration. 
          End-users can add SSL Inspection capabilities to their network 
          security architecture immediately to close the security loophole 
          that SSL creates. Netronome’s Open 
          Appliance Platform™ enables ISVs to 
          quickly provide their products with application acceleration, 
          increased network performance, granular flow processing and deep 
          packet inspection, and is also ideal for end-users looking to 
          accelerate the performance of their open source and custom-developed 
          packet capture and packet filtering applications. Visit 
          www.netronome.com.
Headquartered in Houston, Network Box USA is the American arm of 
          Network Box Corp., whose multi award-winning Network Box appliance 
          is in the forefront of UTM (unified threat management), the next 
          generation of firewall technology. The company was founded in 2000 
          in response to the escalating danger posed by security breaches, 
          virus attacks and similar threats arising from widespread use of the 
          Internet. Its mission is to provide enterprises of all sizes with a 
          cutting-edge computer network security solution that is effective 
          yet affordable. More information is available, toll free, at 
          888-315-8886 or info@networkboxusa.com.
Network Critical provides lab-certified, innovative, carrier-grade 
          solutions for complete access to networks for analysis, monitoring, 
          security and auditing purposes. Our products provide flexibility 
          with modular designs that offer passive traffic access without the 
          concern of failure or downtime. Network Critical’s 
          solutions provide 100% network visibility with zero packet loss 24 
          hours a day, 365 days a year.
CriticalTAP solutions have been tested, certified and utilized in 
          Fortune 500 banking and insurance companies, global telecom 
          providers (ISP’s), commercial businesses 
          and government agencies. Network Critical is a world-wide Access 
          Technology Solutions provider with operations based in the UK, the 
          USA, and The Netherlands.
NIKSUN, a privately held company founded in 1997, developed its core 
          technology in anticipation of the network challenges businesses and 
          governments face every day.
For today’s IP networks, two critical 
          problems remain unsolved — security and 
          robustness of the underlying infrastructure and service. NIKSUN 
          addresses these needs by providing globally scalable solutions for 
          securing, managing and maintaining today’s 
          IP networks and services.
NIKSUN’s solutions are in high demand 
          even in today’s economic environment. To 
          address a growing market, NIKSUN has developed solid partnerships 
          with industry-leading network solutions providers worldwide such as 
          Avaya, Cisco Systems, IBM, and Nortel Networks.
Oberthur Technologies is one of the world’s 
          leading providers of smart card-based solutions, software and 
          applications. Innovative products, security expertise and high 
          quality services ensure Oberthur Card Systems’ 
          strong positioning in the Financial Sector, Government/ID, and the 
          Mobile Telephone markets
Oberthur has proven its leadership in innovation by having the 1st 
          PIV End Point card validated, the 1st PIV End Point card FIPS 140 
          validated and the 1st PIV End Point card FIPS 201 compliant. 
          Oberthur is the #1 provider of HSPD-12 cards to the First Responders 
          Community and the #1 provider to US Federal Government Agencies.
Ohanae™ blasts through the hurdles that 
          block widespread adoption of online transaction due to users’ 
          concerns over Security. Securworkplace™ 
          safeguards your entire online experience, from the time you log in 
          to the time you log out. The solutions intercept and neutralize 
          phishing and key logging attacks, encrypt the working sessions, then 
          employ an advanced endpoint sanitization system to rigorously 
          monitor user interactions and to continually protect the operating 
          environment. The system deletes all session footprints after the 
          session is ended. Files saved during the session in the designated 
          volume are encrypted using strong encryption, then hidden to prevent 
          unauthorized access.
Founded in 2002, OPSWAT (www.opswat.com) is the world leader in 
          development tools and data services that power solutions managing 
          security features of endpoint applications. OPSWAT SDKs and services 
          enable integration with a broad range of applications from 
          traditional security products such as antivirus, antispyware, 
          personal firewalls and hard disk encryption applications to more 
          conventional products such as browsers, instant messenger and peer 
          to peer applications with security-related features. OPSWAT is 
          headquartered in San Francisco, California, with an additional 
          office in Herzliya, Israel.
Palo Alto Networks™ enables visibility 
          and policy control of applications running on enterprise networks. 
          Based on innovative App-ID™ application 
          classification technology, the Palo Alto Networks PA-4000 Series 
          next-generation firewall accurately identifies applications – 
          regardless of port, protocol, evasive tactic or even SSL encryption – 
          at 10Gbps with no performance degradation. Enterprises can now set 
          and enforce application usage policies to meet compliance 
          requirements, improve threat mitigation and lower operational costs. 
          The Palo Alto Networks team includes security and networking 
          industry veterans from Check Point, NetScreen, McAfee, Cisco and 
          Juniper and is backed by investors Globespan Capital Partners, 
          Greylock Partners and Sequoia Capital.
Passlogix® is the developer of the 
          market's most robust, scalable and easy-to-deploy enterprise single 
          sign-on platform, with successful installations in hundreds of 
          organizations of all sizes and in all industries around the world. 
          The company's patented intelligence-based technology eliminates 
          lengthy and expensive implementation cycles, and provides rapid 
          return on investment, by adapting to any existing infrastructure 
          without the need for custom coding or replacement of legacy hardware 
          or software. Founded in 1996, Passlogix is headquartered in New York 
          City with sales offices throughout the United States, United 
          Kingdom, Hong Kong, and Singapore.
SecureZIP® by PKWARE® 
          allows business professionals to say "YES!" Over 25,000 companies 
          are saying YES! with SecureZIP, including 60% of the Fortune 100. 
          SecureZIP is available on all major computing platforms including 
          desktop, server, midrange, and mainframe systems. With SecureZIP, 
          data is secure wherever it is transmitted or stored.
Protegrity delivers centralized data security management solutions 
          that protect sensitive information from acquisition to deletion 
          across the enterprise. Protegrity’s 
          customers maintain complete protection over their data and business 
          by employing software and solutions specifically designed to encrypt 
          data, safeguard web applications, and manage and report on security 
          policy. The company’s singular focus is 
          on developing solutions that protect data. We are security 
          technology specialists with deep expertise in encryption, key 
          management, web application firewalls and security policy in 
          distributed environments. Maximize security with minimal business 
          impact with Protegrity’s Defiance Suite, 
          the high performance, transparent solution optimized for the dynamic 
          enterprise.
PMC-Sierra, a leading provider of broadband communications and 
          storage semiconductors, will exhibit at RSA Conference, featuring 
          its Tachyon® Fibre Channel and SAS/SATA 
          controller-based encryption product family. The company will 
          demonstrate its new controllers with innovative StorClad™ 
          encryption technology that enable storage OEMs to deliver 
          high-performance secure storage solutions without the need for 
          costly components or equipment in the data center.
The StorClad architecture supports the IEEE 1619.3 Key Management 
          standard, is compatible with Key Management Servers and works 
          seamlessly with key management technologies from partners, such as 
          RSA, to manage keys and encrypt/decrypt data through an advanced key 
          management interface.
Quest Software, Inc., Microsoft’s 2007 
          Global Independent Software Vendor Partner of the Year, delivers 
          innovative products that help organizations get more performance and 
          productivity from their applications, databases and Windows 
          infrastructure.
Quest Software simplifies identity & access management by: • 
          Improving efficiency through automating identity administration and 
          consolidating directories & identity infrastructure • 
          Enhancing security by implementing strong, cross-platform 
          authentication & enhancing control of privileged accounts • 
          Achieving compliance with integrated audit, reporting and 
          enforcement tools
Red Condor is a managed service provider of highly resilient email 
          security systems for enterprise networks and service providers. Its 
          email security eliminates spam, viruses and other offensive content, 
          with perimeter defense against denial-of-service and directory 
          harvest attacks. Red Condor leverages up-to-the-minute security 
          threat information from its worldwide sensor network. Its Vx 
          Technology provides network-based load sharing and fail-over 
          capabilities for customer appliances. The system’s 
          design has built-in zero tolerance for lost email, and a less than 
          0.01% false-positive rate while achieving long-term spam block rates 
          greater than 98%. This technology is backed by Red Condor's 24x7 
          customer care center.
Reflex Security is the leader in integrated network security for 
          data center, core networks, and virtual environments. By deploying 
          Reflex Security solutions, organizations can protect critical IT 
          assets and data, reduce risk and facilitate compliance with 
          regulations including SOX, HIPAA, PCI, FISMA and GLBA.
Delivered on blade chassis, appliance and virtual machine (VM) 
          platforms, Reflex employs high-performance deep packet inspection 
          and networking with centrally-managed firewall, intrusion prevention 
          (IPS), network access control (NAC), anti-malware and security event 
          management (SEM) capabilities. Headquartered in Atlanta, GA, Reflex 
          Security was founded in 2000 by Hezi Moore, a pioneer in network 
          intrusion prevention.
Rohati is a venture funded start up with funding from Matrix 
          Partners and Foundation Capital. The founding team and executive 
          management has a proven track record from leading networking and 
          security companies such as Cisco and Juniper in the development of 
          high performance enterprise solutions.
The company is focused on solving requirements for the new 
          enterprise data centre in response to emerging business demands for 
          business responsiveness, operational cost reduction and compliance.
Safend’s best of breed endpoint security 
          solutions enable organizations to securely enjoy the advantages of 
          mobile computing - from removable media and wireless protocols to 
          smartphones and PDAs - enhancing productivity without sacrificing 
          data security.
Safend's advanced solutions deliver granular visibility and control 
          over the organization’s endpoints – 
          exposing existing and potential threats, and enabling precision 
          prevention to ensure comprehensive internal data security.
Committed to delivering maximum security with the greatest ease and 
          minimum Total Cost of Ownership, Safend delivers highly-robust, 
          ultra-secure solutions that are intuitive to manage and virtually 
          impossible to circumvent.
SafeNet is a global leader in information security. Founded 25 years 
          ago, the company provides complete security utilizing its encryption 
          technologies to protect communications, intellectual property and 
          digital identities, and offers a full spectrum of products including 
          hardware, software, and chips. UBS, Nokia, Fujitsu, Hitachi, Bank of 
          America, Adobe, Cisco Systems, Microsoft, Samsung, Texas 
          Instruments, the U.S. Departments of Defense and Homeland Security, 
          the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and scores of other customers 
          entrust their security needs to SafeNet. In 2007, SafeNet was taken 
          private by Vector Capital.
Security is our business and our passion. Our mission is to work for 
          higher levels of security. We will not keep quiet as vendor 
          standards slip and vulnerabilities go unchecked, resulting in 
          security threats to individuals and corporations.
Secunia is the world-leading provider of vulnerability intelligence 
          and provides vulnerability management tools for the entire corporate 
          IT infrastructure.
Secunia collects, evaluates, verifies, and analyses security 
          information. This security information is available through our 
          databases and is distributed to our customers, segmented according 
          to their specific business needs.
We collect our security information from a large base of sources: 
          vendors, net forums, newsletters, bug reports, CERT, CVE, 
          underground sites, and of course we use our own security researchers.
We are a trusted and valued source of information recognised 
          worldwide.
Security Mentor, Inc. is a provider of online security awareness 
          training. Security Mentor's innovative approach of brief, frequent, 
          focused training reduces security risks by helping employees become 
          Aware, Alert, Secure™. Aware - know the 
          security risks. Alert - think before acting. Secure - make the right 
          choice. Security Mentor, Inc. was founded in 2007 by veteran 
          security professionals and Department of Defense contractors. For 
          more information, please visit http://www.securitymentor.com.
Sendmail is the leading provider of message processing security 
          appliances. With over 25 years of leadership delivering innovative 
          messaging technology, Sendmail ensures protection and trust of 
          employee and customer communications. Sendmail technology, driven by 
          the industry's most powerful and flexible policy engine, provides 
          protection where 80 percent of security and compliance violations 
          occur - within inbound and outbound messaging. Large enterprises and 
          the majority of the Fortune 1000 trust Sendmail to shield its users 
          from unwanted messages, defend the messaging infrastructure, stop 
          data and privacy leaks and effectively manage messaging to maintain 
          brand and shareholder value and support regulatory compliance.
Shavlik Technologies delivers robust enterprise IT software 
          solutions that rapidly accelerate and continuously improve security 
          and compliance readiness by simplifying IT operations, and 
          identifying and reliably closing system security gaps. Shavlik’s 
          solutions provide Rapid Readiness so IT organizations realize 
          continuous security and compliance readiness in a fraction of the 
          time, cost and IT resources required by alternative approaches. With 
          over 10,000 customers worldwide, Shavlik simplifies complex IT 
          security and compliance management, providing trustworthy solutions 
          that free up critical IT resources to focus on innovations that 
          drive business growth while lowering costs. Shavlik also licenses 
          its technology to leading companies such as BMC, Juniper, Sophos, 
          Symantec and VMware.
Skybox Security has become the standard in security risk management 
          for enterprise-level organizations by helping them protect their 
          brand through an increase in the efficiency and effectiveness of 
          existing security layers. Skybox’s 
          comprehensive, modular, and scalable software platform enables 
          organizations to visualize, optimize and automate their IT 
          infrastructure risk and compliance best practices through the 
          elimination of manual and reactive processes, resource dependence, 
          and continuous monitoring. Products include: network access and 
          policy compliance, firewall audit and rule analysis, security risk 
          assessment, threat lifecycle management, and security profile 
          dashboards.
Worldwide leading vendor of systems for capture and verification 
            of handwritten signatures demonstrates the very latest in 
            Biometric Signature Capturing and Verification with its popular 
            solution SignDoc and the award winning SignPad eSignio which 
            secure the authenticity and integrity of documents with the 
            handwritten signature - embedded seamless into an electronic 
            workflow
Sophos provides solutions that enable enterprises to secure and 
          control their IT infrastructure. The company’s 
          network access control and endpoint solutions simplify security to 
          provide an integrated defense against malware, spyware, intrusions, 
          unwanted applications and policy abuse. Sophos complements these 
          solutions with innovative email and web security products that 
          filter traffic for security threats, spam and policy infringements.
With over 20 years of experience, Sophos’s 
          reliably engineered security solutions and services protect more 
          than 100 million users in over 140 countries. Sophos is 
          headquartered in Boston, MA and Oxford, UK. More information is 
          available at www.sophos.com.
ST Electronics (Info-Security), is a leading info-security company 
          offering digital watermarking solutions, hardware-based disk 
          encryption solutions, USB authentication tokens for access control, 
          and hardware encryption devices for securing phone, fax and IP 
          networks.
We adopt a technology-centric and an innovation-centric culture in 
          developing the DigiSAFE brand of products and promise to meet the 
          infocomm security needs of the day.
Spotlight 1 – world’s 
          first USB 2.0 external drive enclosure with smartcard protection
Spotlight 2 – digital watermarking 
          solutions for the protection of digital contents
Symlabs is participating in Concordia Project’s 
            interoperability event on Monday, April 7 to demonstrate use-case 
            scenarios from enterprise, government, and education organizations 
            that feature Information Card, Liberty Alliance, and WS- identity 
            protocols. Symlabs is also participating in the Liberty Alliance 
            workshop demonstrations on April 7 that showcase remote 
            provisioning and management of a secure digital identity.
Symlabs focuses on identity management, directories, and messaging 
          through industry-leading, standards-based software products like 
          Symlabs Virtual Directory Server, Symlabs LDAP Proxy, and Symlabs 
          Federated Identity Suite. Symlabs is located in Europe and US, and 
          customers include major carriers, financial institutions, and 
          Fortune 1000 companies.
Third Brigade's best-of-breed host intrusion defense system protects 
          critical data and applications, including those on virtual machines, 
          from attacks that bypass or penetrate network defenses, and target 
          vulnerabilities in operating systems, and enterprise and web 
          applications. With a high performance deep packet inspection engine, 
          Third Brigade Deep Security detects and prevents known and zero-day 
          attacks, and provides a virtual patch for Windows, Solaris, Linux, 
          and other Unix hosts on physical and VMware virtualized systems. It 
          helps ensure regulatory compliance with PCI and other standards, and 
          prevents costly business disruptions Unlike others, Third Brigade 
          provides broader, faster and simpler protection.
TippingPoint addresses the security needs of complex network 
          environments for enterprises, government agencies, service providers 
          and academic institutions. With TippingPoint’s 
          Intrusion Prevention System (IPS), organizations are protected 
          against internal and external cyber attacks that may threaten 
          critical infrastructures. TippingPoint’s 
          Network Access Control (NAC) solution enforces device and user 
          policies to ensure both endpoint compliance and granular post-access 
          compliance. Interoperating with TippingPoint’s 
          IPS, TippingPoint NAC ensures all malicious traffic is blocked from 
          each endpoint and suspect/non-compliant traffic triggers other 
          policy-controlled actions, including blocking, quarantining, 
          alerting or rate-shaping. TippingPoint’s 
          products are complemented by the Digital Vaccine® 
          service, powered by TippingPoint’s 
          DVLabs.
Tizor provides the world's largest companies with the first 
          enterprise database auditing and protection solutions capable of 
          monitoring, reporting and alerting on all critical data activity 
          across the enterprise data center - databases, file servers and 
          mainframe applications. Tizor's global enterprise customers include 
          financial institutions, insurance companies, retailers, 
          manufacturers, healthcare providers and airlines, among others. 
          These companies rely on Tizor's Mantra solutions to protect critical 
          data assets, detect database breaches and provide data-related 
          compliance, including SOX and PCI.
Headquartered in Maynard, Massachusetts, Tizor is a member of IBM's 
          Data Governance Council and the PCI Vendor Alliance. Visit Tizor's 
          data auditing blog at http://blog.tizor.com.
TriCipher, Inc. provides a unified authentication infrastructure to 
          protect web and enterprise portals, the people that use them and the 
          business process that flows through them against fraud and identity 
          theft. The TriCipher Armored Credential System™ 
          (TACS) is the first authentication system that enables companies to 
          deploy and manage multiple types of credentials from a single 
          infrastructure. Through this flexible "Authentication Ladder," 
          TriCipher protects customer investment by adjusting authentication 
          strength to defeat new threats and to meet regulatory changes 
          without the need to implement a new infrastructure. Founded in 2000, 
          TriCipher is headquartered in Los Gatos, CA.
The Trusted Computing Group (TCG) is a not-for-profit organization 
          formed to develop, define, and promote open standards for 
          hardware-enabled trusted computing and security technologies, 
          including hardware building blocks and software interfaces, across 
          multiple platforms, peripherals, and devices. TCG specifications 
          will enable more secure computing environments without compromising 
          functional integrity, privacy, or individual rights. The primary 
          goal is to help users protect their information assets (data, 
          passwords, keys, etc.) from compromise due to external software 
          attack and physical theft.
Trustwave is a leading provider of on-demand and subscription-based 
          information security and compliance management solutions to 
          businesses and government entities throughout the world. For 
          organizations faced with today’s 
          challenging data security and compliance environment, Trustwave 
          provides a unique approach with comprehensive solutions that include 
          its flagship TrustKeeper® compliance 
          management software and other proprietary security solutions. 
          Trustwave has helped more than 30,000 organizations—ranging 
          from Fortune 500 businesses and large financial institutions to 
          small and medium-sized retailers—manage 
          compliance and secure their network infrastructure, data 
          communications and critical information assets. Trustwave is 
          headquartered in Chicago with offices throughout North America, 
          Europe, Africa, China and Australia.
UPEK, Inc. is the global leader in enterprise and consumer biometric 
          fingerprint solutions. UPEK authentication hardware and software are 
          integrated into laptops from the world’s 
          top five largest PC makers, as well as USB flash drives, external 
          hard disk drives, and mobile phones from leading manufacturers. UPEK’s 
          ecosystem of over 100 hardware and software partners enables strong 
          authentication solutions for market verticals including healthcare, 
          banking, education, and government. UPEK offers the only 
          silicon-based fingerprint device that is FIPS 201 certified for 
          authentication of over 10 million US government employees and 
          contractors.
Yoggie Security Systems is the developer of the world’s 
          first hardware-based computer security solution. Its USB key-sized 
          security mini-computers connect to any PC or laptop at home, in the 
          office, on the road – blocking Internet 
          threats outside the host computer and boosting computer performance 
          by off-loading installed security software.
Yoggie’s award winning products combine 
          best of breed security software with propriety patent-pending 
          developments to provide the most comprehensive all-in-one security 
          technology available to both consumers and corporate users. This 
          next generation of computer security, with its easy plug and forget 
          installation, has been adopted widely both by corporations and 
          consumers.
Leveraging over 10 years experience in developing encryption-based 
          security solutions, Zecurion allows to efficiently protect corporate 
          information from internal threats, and from loss or theft of backup 
          storage with enterprise-class software products Zlock and Zserver 
          Suite.
Based on transparent encryption technology, Zserver Suite protects 
          corporate information from all threats that involve physical access 
          to corporate server storage, tape backups or CD/DVD.
Zlock gives Security/IT departments full control over computer and 
          network hardware resources and peripherals, Users or user groups can 
          be given full, read-only, or no access to each physical or logical 
          device, while all access attempts will be logged.
